LOUISVILLE, Ky. — A few unflattering reviews are to be expected with any hotel, particularly one whose rates start at $49 per night. But while complaints about shabby rooms and thin towels are common in the industry, ones like these, from TripAdvisor.com, are not: “It is a clean hotel but there are a lot of homeless people there.” “Run far far away!!!!! This is a homeless shelter, not a hotel!” “DO NOT STAY HERE UNLESS YOU ARE HOMELESS… All of the workers are former addicts/homeless people.” Hotel Louisville, 12 stories of brick adorned with a large white cross, is indeed a hotel and event space open to the public. At the same time, it is a transitional-housing facility, substance-abuse recovery center and job-training site owned and operated by Wayside Christian Mission, a nonprofit that shelters and feeds the city’s homeless population. Wayside bought the building at a foreclosure auction in 2009, never intending to rent rooms to the general public. It was simply a place to house the homeless. But as expenses mounted and travelers came through the lobby, remembering what used to be a Holiday Inn and seeking a place to stay, Wayside began to make use of its empty rooms. Four years later, Hotel Louisville is in many ways an improbable success, serving addicts and the homeless while turning a profit from hotel guests and banquets, even during the recession. Perhaps the nation’s only such hybrid, it defies the usual categories — homeless shelter and charity; hotel and for-profit enterprise — and reflects a growing embrace of commerce by social-services groups normally funded by government and foundation grants. Yet Wayside’s pivot from a traditional model of charity toward the seductions of business tells its own complicated tale, showing just how hard it is to do good.

Not In My Backyard

The lobby of Hotel Louisville Pat McDonogh for Al Jazeera America Every homeless shelter has a NIMBY problem. Try building a new facility or renovating an old one and the neighbors come out of the woodwork to protest each additional bed. But the battle waged against Hotel Louisville was unusual even in the long history of Wayside Christian Mission, founded in 1957. The saga began six years ago, after the group finally raised enough money to replace its worn-out transitional-housing facility for women and kids. Initially, the married couple at Wayside’s helm — Tim Moseley, a bearded, heavyset minister, and his wife, Nina, an attorney with waist-length platinum blonde hair — intended to build on property it already owned along gentrifying Market Street. Real-estate developers with city-hall ties killed the plan, claiming the need for “historic preservation,” and forced Wayside to sell its Market Street building. The Moseleys then tried to buy a former school, but that effort was blocked by irate neighbors and a zoning decision effectively prohibiting new homeless shelters in the city. The ban was later declared unlawful by the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Then, in early 2009, the Moseleys heard that the downtown Holiday Inn, nicknamed “Hotel Louisville,” would be sold at a foreclosure auction. The final price tag of $10 million depleted all the funds Wayside had raised through its years-long capital campaign and proceeds from the Market Street sale, but at 187 rooms and 169,400 square feet, the building could house hundreds. Eighty-three homeless women moved into the hotel in November. Shortly thereafter, with utility costs mounting and many floors vacant, the Moseleys saw an opportunity. “People kept coming through and asking for a room,” Nina Moseley recalled. So Wayside opened Hotel Louisville to the public while continuing to provide shelter and substance-abuse recovery services to women in need, free of charge.

Home at a hotel

The hotel’s high-ceilinged lobby resembles that of a ski resort, with an elaborate chandelier, a grand piano and extensive wood paneling. It’s a busy crossroads of guests and long-term residents — plus thrifty diners lured by the $5 soul food-buffet in the adjacent restaurant. I first visited Hotel Louisville in June and recently returned for a five-day stay. After checking in at the front desk, I took a well-worn elevator to my room on the ninth floor, one of five levels open to the general public. It was a standard, budget-rate hotel room: clean and air-conditioned, with a TV and small desk free of flourish.

Cassie Lintz settles down for the night with her daughters Kendal, age 4, and Chloe, age 6, on right. Pat McDonogh for Al Jazeera America I’d soon learn that the residents’ quarters, on floors four, five, six and eleven, are homey and personalized, more like tiny apartments than hotel rooms sanitized with Smells BeGone. To date, between 96 and 162 people at a time — mostly women in recovery, but also some children and a few men — have lived in the hotel. Cassie Lintz and her daughters, preschooler Kendal and first-grader Chloe, know the place better than most. Several months ago, they moved in for a second time. “I had almost two years clean when I relapsed. So I came back here to do this again and get back on track,” Lintz said of her struggle with prescription painkillers.

She and the two round-faced, sandy-haired girls were sharing a room on the hotel’s family floor, home to several mostly single-parent units. Generally, substance-abuse centers require parents to come alone, leaving their children behind. Hotel Louisville is a rarity even among family-based recovery programs, giving clients with children a free, private room, with child care and activities included. Upstairs, on one of the singles floors, Yolanda Thomas wore her reading glasses to study the Bible in bed. She’d arrived at Hotel Louisville in July, having slept off her last high on a bus from Virginia. She was living in a tidy double with another “girl in the program,” splitting a bathroom, nightstand, TV and table. Thomas’s shoes — including several pairs of pointy high heels she has little occasion to wear — were lined up along the wall.

Recovering through work?

At early-morning meditation on a recent Friday, Thomas and about two dozen other women — in varying degrees of wakefulness, young and old, white and African-American — sat in a circle of chairs in the first-floor chapel. Everyone clutched a Bible and The Big Book from Alcoholics Anonymous. A few brought young children, who played in the back or snoozed in their strollers. (The day care wasn’t yet open.) Hotel manager Virginia Taylor, or “Miss V,” entered the room around 8 a.m. Short and stocky with freckled brown skin and oiled hair, she’s a former addict with 22 years clean and nearly as much peer-counseling experience. Taylor oversees Wayside’s recovery program and leads the gospel choir. In a thick Southern accent full of tapering R’s, she speaks with the air of a preacher or prison warden. “The disease does not promise you it’ll be easy. But you have a daily choice to stay sober. Choose to live,” she said. Taylor led the community meeting, a chance for residents to express grievances with the facility and with one another. Women clapped for every submission of “consequences” — 10,000-word reflections written on handfuls of notebook paper — the punishment for minor infractions, like missing a work shift or neglecting to sign out. The meeting concluded with a collective Lord’s Prayer, and the women then split up for work. Work therapy — performing housekeeping, food service, security and laundry for public hotel guests — is a key component of Wayside’s recovery program.

Recovery Manager Virginia Taylor, a former addict, leads early-morning meditation, part of the substance-abuse curriculum at Hotel Louisville. Pat McDonogh for Al Jazeera America “Many of these ladies didn’t know anything about housekeeping, but here, once you get to second phase (of recovery), they can choose to go to another hotel and get a job,” Cheri Hartwill, a recovering addict who leads the cleaning team, explained. “It prepares you — your work ethic, how you treat people — because a lot of us come from the streets.” Since the work is part of their recovery, and because lodging, food and other basic needs are provided free of charge, hotel residents are given an hourly “gift” of 50 cents to $1.50 per hour in lieu of pay. Residents sign “contracts acknowledging that they’re not employees or workers, but trainees,” said Wayside Chief Operating Officer Nina Moseley. The work assignments at Hotel Louisville are a more elaborate version of what Wayside and other charities have always asked of their residents. Since long before the hotel opened, Wayside has operated two donation-based Louisville thrift stores, with revenues supporting the organization’s central work. It based this model on that of larger groups like Goodwill and the Salvation Army, which require “beneficiaries” to unload, sort, stock and inventory donated goods in vast warehouses and shops. But Hotel Louisville residents are split on the value of work therapy. “It’s part of my penance,” Kim, a former nurse, said of her time in the hotel laundry room. Before coming to Wayside in September, she’d lost her home and car and had to sleep on the porch of an abandoned house. Others in the program say that their long hours and the strenuous nature of work therapy sometimes make it difficult to attend meetings and classes. One resident, who asked to remain anonymous, called these work assignments "unpaid labor," plain and simple. “This isn’t training. This is a business,” she said. “These are actual jobs you’re performing. You’re not doing it to strengthen yourself for a job outside. This is a job inside.” Karen Garnett, district director of the federal Department of Labor in Louisville, questions whether Hotel Louisville’s work-therapy program complies with U.S. labor laws. In some cases, such “trainees” are in fact employees entitled to the minimum wage and overtime, she said. “For the part of the hotel that’s a business entity, there may be some part that could be considered training, but it takes a minimum amount of training for some of this work.”

Manager Linda Stith went from being a homeless addict to helping run Hotel Louisville. Pat McDonogh for Al Jazeera America Wayside stands by its “training hotel” model, which its directors say teaches critical occupational and life skills to clients long removed from the labor force. “We have a very good rate of success for people who complete their programs,” Nina Moseley said. While Wayside does not track information on recovery participants (data collection has not been a priority), many graduates have gone on to work in local hotels, restaurants and hospitals. The hotel cannot afford to pay minimum wage to work-therapy participants, said Linda Stith, one of three general managers. The commercial side of the hotel has subsidized Wayside’s charitable programs since the summer of 2011. Last year, net proceeds of approximately $258,000 — from hotel guests, banquets and restaurant income — funded not only the residential recovery program but also Wayside’s other facility: a traditional homeless shelter and soup kitchen on nearby Jefferson Street. Altogether, the organization’s annual budget for homeless services and recovery is about $3.4 million, much of which comes from government contracts and private donations.

Business or charity or both

Still, not everyone knows the hotel’s backstory, and as its quality improved, Hotel Louisville began to draw patrons unfamiliar with Wayside. “You’d have guests come in. They’d see our clients and say, ‘This is a shelter!’ so I was constantly explaining, ‘This is more than (that). It’s a training hotel,’” general manager Stith said. Wayside’s success, born of experimentation, has garnered the support of philanthropists and other nonprofits, as well as hospitality experts, local politicians, business leaders and scholars. “Tim and Nina Moseley are walking saints,” said Keith Lermie, dean of the hospitality school at Louisville’s Sullivan University. “I’ve seen them do a very good job, and I’ve been in the hotel-restaurant business my whole life. There’s no one downtown providing a safe, clean room at ($49 a night, and) there are a lot of groups that couldn’t afford to have a banquet anywhere else.” And in a climate of dwindling resources for the poor, Hotel Louisville is part of an entrepreneurial trend among social-services nonprofits. For example, Seattle-based FareStart, a recovery and job-training program for homeless and at-risk adults, generates 50 percent of its operating revenue from food-service enterprises staffed by client-trainees. In New York City, the supportive-housing provider Common Ground, which Nina Moseley cites as an early inspiration, covers a growing percentage of its budget with facility rentals and a tax-credit advisory business for nonprofit housing developers. “The fact is, there are fewer dollars to go around,” said Brenda Rosen, Common Ground’s executive director. “There has to be other ways (besides government and foundation grants) to provide services, because the need just continues to grow.” The trick for groups like Common Ground, FareStart and Hotel Louisville, Rosen said, is to avoid putting business first.

I was still under the impression that I was different. I wasn’t willing to identify with homeless women. Manager and former client of Hotel Louisville

A new, professional identity

On the evening of Oct. 12, couples and families dressed to the nines — in gowns, platform heels, hats, suits and tuxedos — filed into Hotel Louisville for a fashion show and banquet on the second floor. It was the annual fundraising gala for a local African-American scholarship fund. “We always have our gala here,” a well-coiffed woman said. She had no idea that the hotel was anything other than a hotel. Three "recovery girls” — Pam Allen, Millie Morris and Ramonica Kellam — were on serving duty. Wearing tuxedo vests, they carried trays of drinks through the crowded ballroom, around chattering guests and the perimeter of the catwalk, to and from the kitchen.

Restaurant manager Kevin Nelson serves dinner at an evening banquet. Pat McDonogh for Al Jazeera America Dinner was served buffet style, and General Manager Kevin Nelson was among those dishing out hot, fragrant Southern food. Nelson, a single father with a bushy mustache and warm, polite manner, lives with his son and daughter in adjoining rooms of Hotel Louisville. He had lost his job as a restaurant manager and fallen on hard times when he came to Wayside in 2011. “In my mind I was just going to work and get myself situated and then get another job somewhere else,” he said. “They were just trying to get the banquets going, and the kitchen and restaurant, and I had done this for close to 22 years, so in a weird way, it all worked out.”<|endoftext|>Years had led up to this. Countless hours of training with her team, private sparring with Blake, all those boring classes, everything. Roman Torchwick was going down, tonight. Yang was running through the twisting hallways underneath the factory in which he was holed up. Ruby had run ahead while she and Blake had dealt with Adam. Yang knew that they had a past together and had left her to make peace. Now all she was focusing on was catching up with her sister.

Yang cursed under her breath, she never should have let her go off on her own. She shook her head lightly. No Ruby was fully capable, she shouldn't be worried. Yang rounded a corner and dug her heels in sliding to a stop. Ruby was standing in the middle of the room, face to face with Roman.

"She got him!" Yang thought her heart filling with pride.

All of that pride turned to dread. Ruby's head was tilted back. She wasn't holding her own weight. Suddenly, Roman dropped her. Her body hit the concrete floor hard, the knife in her chest now in plain sight. Yang stood there, speechless, looking at the limp body of her baby sister.

Roman laughed, "Too late." He said coldly, with a laugh.

Yang saw red, her eyes closed and she could feel the air around her beginning to catch fire. Rational thought dissolved into madness and she screamed, a blood curdling howl of sheer agony. She fired her gauntlets and sailed across the room, her fist catching Roman in the right shoulder. She felt bone break. Her punch flung him across the room and into the far wall. Yang fired again and closed the distance between them and started punching. Tears and sweat mixed with fire and evaporated. She felt Roman struggle, she kept punching. She felt him stop struggling, she kept punching. She felt her fists hitting concrete. She kept punching.

"Yang!" a voice shrieked. She was pulled back into sanity. She looked and saw Blake in the doorway, her hands covering her mouth and fear in her eyes. Her eyes darted back to Roman and she gasped. Where he used to be there was a section of broken wall, blood, and burnt flesh. He was dead, she had killed him. Yang fell back into her hands, crawling away from what was left of him in horror of what she had done.

A few feet away she stopped and just stared blankly at the aftermath, her breathing erratic and shallow. Something grabbed her wrist. She jumped. And looked at back. Ruby looked up at her, there were tears in her eyes.

"Did we do it? Did we get him?"

Yang flipped around on her hands and knees crouching over her little sister. She choked back a sob, "yeah, we got him sis." Her tears fell onto Ruby's shoulder. Ruby looked at her sadly.

"Don't cry. We…." Ruby's eyes drifted as she trailed off.

"NO!" Yang cried.

"Yang, I'm scared." She could barely whisper. Ruby coughed and blood came up.

Ruby looked back to her "I love you… Yang, I love…" Her eyes lost focus and her fingers went limp around Yang's wrist.

Yang's eyes filled with tears again and she fell, burying her face in Ruby's chest. She grasped for her, grapping her cloak and balling it up in her fists. She let the tears flow freely. She couldn't be gone. She couldn't be dead. Yang pulled back throwing her head back and screaming. She raged at the world, for taking her, and she raged at herself for allowing it. Her scream broke off into hollow sobs. She looked down at Ruby taking her hands in her own. She folded her hands over her, covering the knife. She looked up at Blake who was still in the same position. The fear was gone from her eyes and replaced with pain

She slid her arms underneath Ruby and lifted her up, holding her as close as possible. Yang began to walk back, her face devoid of emotion, though her eyes betrayed her. She could feel Blake shadowing her the entire time, silent. Yang wished she would say something, she wished that Blake knew how much she needed her. The walk out of the warehouse didn't feel real. This couldn't be real. This was every single one of her nightmares come true at once. Ruby dead, Blake distant. Yang's eyes widened as it dawned on her. Ruby's body melted away, and she felt Blake's arms slide around her waist. Yang woke up.

"Morning." Blake whispered in her ear, kissing her cheek gently.

Yang spun around grabbing Blake as tightly as possible, burying her face into her shoulder. Blake jumped a little, startled.

"Are you ok, Yang?" she asked concerned.

"Nightmares." Yang said curtly, muffled by her hair.

Blake's tone softened "The same one? With Ruby?" she asked, bringing her arms fully around Yang's back rubbing between her shoulder blades reassuringly.

Yang started to tear up again. "I know I shouldn't be worried, I know she has her own team now. But what if she does get hurt. What if she does…" Yang trailed off, not being able to finish the thought.

"She won't." Blake said firmly, "But no matter what, I will be here for you. I promise."

Yang looked up at Blake and kissed her gently. Blake kissed her back, but quickly pulled back.

"We can't stay in bed all day, we have stuff to do." Blake reminded her.

Yang groaned "Uhg. I know." She rolled out of bed and stumbled tiredly over to the dresser, and began putting on clothes for the day. Halfway through sliding her shirt on, Blake hugged her from behind.

"Why don't you take the day off? You seem like you could use some peace and quiet." Blake suggested.

"Are you sure, we have practice today in Forever Fall?" Yang asked.

"I'll do some tracking with them today. You don't need to be there for that." Blake assure her.

Yang sighed and slid her shirt back off, turning around to face Blake. "You're the best." She said, hugging her. She crawled back into bed and turned to watching Blake get ready. After finishing, Blake picked Gambol's Shroud off of the Nightstand, winked at Yang, turned, and walked out the door without a word.

So much had changed since last year. The war between Vale and another kingdom had forced their training to be accelerated drastically. Teams had been broken in half, and new recruits used to fill the empty spots. Yang was very happy to have been paired with Blake. While she missed her sister greatly, without the current arrangement her and Blake never would have become this close. Constant nightmares had led to Yang spending most of her nights sleeping in Blake's room on the floor until Blake caught her, and invited her into her bed. After that is was only a matter of time before their forced closeness turned into a relationship.

Yang shivered, pulling the blankets up closer to her. Winter was here and she was especially happy to have someone to share a bed with. She started to drift off again to memories of Blake keeping her warm when a knock at the door startled her awake.

"Uh oh." She said, remembering that Ruby said she was going to come by. Yang hadn't told Ruby (or anyone really) about her and Blake. She glanced over at the bed that was supposed to be hers in the corner, it was still freshly made from a week ago when she had changed the sheets to keep up appearances. Yang flew out of bed and to the dresser, hastily getting clothes on. She ran over to her bed and frantically messed it up before sprinting to the door. Yang stopped with her hand on the doorknob and collected herself. After a moment she swung the door open.<|endoftext|>Ethan Dean is on the verge of financial ruin because the city of Winona won't let him do what countless property owners have done for centuries: rent out his home.

Dean serves as an advisor in Iraq and Afghanistan and needs rental income to stay afloat while he's away. He never expected that answering the call to defend liberty abroad would lead to potential disaster at home because Winona does not respect traditional American property rights.

In America, renting one's property has always been considered a legitimate right of ownership. Winona, however, would rather see homeowners go broke than allow them to exercise it. The City Council has arbitrarily mandated that only 30 percent of the houses on any city block can be rented out. If 10 people live on your block, only three of your neighbors can obtain rental licenses. You and six other homeowners are forbidden from renting out your homes.

Dean lives on a block on which 30 percent of the houses have rental licenses; the ban prevents him from offsetting the cost of making mortgage payments on a house he does not live in.

Dean is not the only one affected by the city's ban.

Holly Richard and Ted and Lauren Dzierzbicki are three other homeowners suffering under this law. Richard attended school at St. Mary's University but has left to pursue a doctoral degree in South Dakota. The Dzierzbickis' daughter attended school at Winona State but has graduated, and the family wants to move on.

Dean, Richard and the Dzierzbickis each have decided to leave to pursue life, liberty and happiness. They put their Winona homes on the market, hoping to sell. Unfortunately, the down economy made that difficult to do at reasonable prices. Unwilling to sell at a serious loss, their next move was to rent out the homes and at least make their monthly mortgage payments. Renting is straight out of Financial Health 101 and is what all the popular financial pundits advise struggling homeowners to do.

But that's when these property owners ran up against the city's rental ban. The homes cannot be sold and they cannot be lived in. Dean and Richard are temporarily saved by a short-term exception, allowing them to rent their homes for now. But that exception expires in April 2012. The Dzierzbickis' house has stood empty for a year and a half -- all because the government stops them from doing what should be their right as property owners.

To make matters even more outrageous, the government doesn't even require that those holding one of the rental-home permits actually rent the house out.

This ban hurts not only homeowners but renters, too, because with fewer places available -- because of government-created scarcity in the market -- those fortunate few who have the government's blessing can drive up rents.

All this, however, is about to change if Dean, Richard and the Dzierbickis are successful. They have teamed up with the Institute for Justice, a public-interest law firm that protects property rights and economic liberty, to strike down this violation of their rights. Together they are filing a lawsuit challenging the law under the Minnesota Constitution.

The lawsuit has implications across the state and around the country. In Minnesota, Mankato, Northfield and West St. Paul have passed similar rental bans, while cities elsewhere, such as East Lansing, Mich., are imposing their own rental bans. Other cities are undoubtedly considering equally bad restrictions.

Property rights are about more than ownership. They are about being able to use your property in a way that makes the most sense for you and your family when life takes unexpected turns. Minnesotans had the foresight to enact a state Constitution that protects property rights, and it is time for Winona to learn that the purpose of government is to protect those rights, not to drive citizens to financial ruin.

Katelynn McBride is an attorney with the Institute for Justice Minnesota Chapter.<|endoftext|>Kanger SUBVOD Full Sub Ohm Kit

Made with, the Kanger SUBVOD is. Not only is it, the Kanger SUBVOD kitneeded for- not to mention it's a really good looking ecig,• 1300mAh integrated battery cell• 18mm diameter• Can fire 0.4Ω coils• Single button operation system• Micro USB charging port (Charges at 500mAh)• Passthrough technology (Can vape while the battery is being charged)• Numerous safety and protection systems• Threaded top filling system (Sealed with double o-rings)• Adjustable air flow to fit your preferred inhalation strength• 18mm diameter | 3.2ml Capacity | Pyrex glass tank• Configured for SSOCC and Clapton coil heads (Crisp and clear flavor delivery)• Gold plated 510 connection• Changeable 510 drip trip (Can use any drip tip you want)With the SUBVOD, Kanger brought together elements from several of their most successful ecigarettes. In addition to the, the SUBVOD kit features theand, the Toptank Nano is also equipped with anthat lets you choose how much air flows through the system, thereby allowing you to. Compact, lightweight and very attractive,<|endoftext|>Hundreds of supporters of deposed Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi remain trapped in a mosque near Cairo's Ramses Square after security forces escorted several of them out.

The standoff at the Egyptian capital's Fateh Mosque, which began late on Friday night, stretched into Saturday morning amid reports of offers of safe passage.

Speaking to Al Jazeera by phone from inside the mosque, Omaima Halawa said there were about 700 people, including women and children, inside and that they feared leaving the mosque because "there were thugs outside with the security forces, and that ... the security forces were working with the thugs".

She said she feared about what might happen to her or where she would be taken if she left the mosque.

Egypt's Nile News reported that about 10 people, mostly women, left the mosque accompanying the body of a woman who had died on Friday.

Al Jazeera Mubasher Misr said the protesters had been offered safe passage out of the mosque on the condition they would be subjected to investigation in an army camp.

The protesters rejected the conditions and insisted that any investigation be conducted inside the mosque, the TV station said.

For his part, the Egyptian army's spokesman said via Facebook that armed men had been shooting from the mosque at nearby buildings.

Violence erupted across Egypt again on Friday after the Muslim Brotherhood and other groups, under the banner of the Anti-Coup Alliance, called for protests in defiance of a security crackdown on pro-Morsi sit-ins that had left more than 600 dead since Wednesday.

At least 173 people were killed and 1,330 others were injured nationwide as protesters tried to stage Day of Rage marches against the military-led government, according to a government spokesman.

Police also arrested more than 1,000 suspected Muslim Brotherhood supporters, including 558 in Cairo alone, on Friday, the Interior Ministry said in a statement.

The Fateh Mosque had been turned into both a morgue and a field hospital by Morsi supporters until the standoff with security forces began.

In another development, Morsi'sFreedom and Justice Party (FJP) confirmed on Saturday that Ammar al-Badie, son of the Muslim Brotherhood's supreme guide, Mohamed al-Badie, was among those killed in Ramses Square in Friday's violence.

He was shot twice in the head and eyes, FJP said.

Badie is the third child of a high-ranking Brotherhood member to be killed this week. The other two died on Wednesday: Hafsa al-Shater, the daughter of the group's top strategist, Khairat al-Shater; and Asmaa el-Beltagy, the daughter of Mohamed el-Beltagy, the FJP head.

Live fire use authorised

The Muslim Brotherhood has called for a week of fresh demonstrations across Egypt following the latest deaths.

An interim cabinet, installed by the army after it removed Morsi during rallies against his rule, has refused to back down in the face of the ongoing protests.

It has authorised police to use live ammunition to defend themselves and state installations.

Bader Abdel Atty, a spokesman for the Egyptian Foreign Ministry, defended the actions of the security forces in an interview with Al Jazeera on Friday, saying that protesters were armed with machine guns.

"They are raising al-Qaeda flags in the heart of Cairo," he said.

"They are using machine guns against civilians. And this cannot be described as far as I know as a peaceful demonstration," he said.

Abdel Atty dismissed international condemnation of the violence and said Egypt would accept no external interference.

Many Western allies have condemned the killings, including the US, but Saudi Arabia threw its weight behind the Egyptian government on Friday, accusing the Muslim Brotherhood of trying to destabilise country.

However, with no compromise in sight, the most populous Arab nation - which is often seen as leading events in the entire region - looks increasingly polarised and angry.

A number of tour operators have suspended all holidays to Egypt until at least next month and the US has urged its citizens to leave the country.

The EU has asked its states to consider "appropriate measures" to take in reaction to the violence, while Germany said it was reconsidering its ties.<|endoftext|>– When Cara Jones let her black-and-white pit bull, “Creature,” out Thursday night to relieve herself at the end of William Street, she heard something unusual coming from the woods. “I kept hearing sticks breaking,” said Jones, 23, a hairstylist who works in Bridgewater. “I thought it was a fox.” Suddenly, her 2-year-old dog began barking wildly. “She was standing there, barking and looking back at me,” Jones said. Jones ran back into her home, grabbed a flashlight and cellphone and ran into the woods. There, in the brush she spotted 89-year-old Carmen Mitchell, lying on the ground. “She was covered in mud and she was barefoot,” Jones said.

The elderly woman had wandered from her family’s home in Piscataway earlier in the day, police said. The 5-foot, 7-inch woman was last seen hours earlier carrying her slippers near the Piscataway-Middlesex border, according to a report. Police searched for hours in patrol cars, on foot and with the help of a low-flying state police helicopter. But it was “Creature” who found the woman. “We had people all over the area,” said Capt. Kenneth Blair of the Piscataway Police Department. “We had fire units from every district; 10 police officers, state police helicopter. “But it was her dog who found her. The dog actually led (Jones) to the spot,” he said. Emergency rescue workers arrived on the scene almost immediately after Jones called. “I’ve never seen police respond so fast,” she said.

CONNECT WITH US

• Follow us on Twitter

• Like us on Facebook

• NJ.com/middlesex

Ambulance workers placed Mitchell on a stretcher and carried her out of the woods. She was taken to a local hospital for observation. The woman suffered slightly from hypothermia, said Blair, but other than that appeared to be OK. Jones said Friday morning she wanted the story about her dog to get out because it seemed the media had paid too much attention to the police helicopter that was used. “Pit bulls never get any recognition for doing something good,” she said. “Here’s a chance to say something good about a pit bull.”<|endoftext|>The first time I heard of this still-without-US-distribution German sci-fi indie was casually browsing through Facebook and the image of a scantily clad teenage girl protectively clutching to a little extraterrestrial in neon-fluorescent blue and red colors was destined to get my attention. After finally tracking down and viewing the Euro-music video infused “student film” however, I’m quickly realizing it’s better to keep scrolling past numbers like these on social media no matter how inviting the posters and premise appear to be.

Before unveiling the opening title cards, a series of inter-titles warn the viewer of stroboscopic effects potentially causing seizures in some viewers appears before then suggesting that the film be played loud. Starting out by ripping off of Gaspar Noe’swith its epileptic foreshadowing before closing on copying Abel Ferrara’s, the cinematic debut of visual artist AKIZ (Achim Bornhak) and reportedly the first entry in a plannedis among the most shamelessknockoffs to surface since. It is also arguably the most aggravating look-at-me demonstration of “experimental visual technique” since Jonas Ackerlund’s misbegotten

While many are quick to read Der Nachtmahr (The Nightmare) as a teenage coming of age science fiction horror psychodrama about a young girl who after a hallucinogen filled rave party starts to see a Gollum like creature monkeying about her home, I saw a wannabe eager to display the influences hanging far from it’s sleeves. When it isn’t blatantly stealing high watermarks from Spielberg’s 1982 classic, right down to the girl and creature feeling each other’s feelings with the Gollum being poked and prodded in plastic wrapped hospital rooms, it gives neither the poor girl nor her special friend much of anything to do but muck about in back alleyways or raiding the fridge leaving a mess echoing (again Spielberg’s) Close Encounters of the Third Kind .

received special attention for being made in Germany without the support of public broadcasting or film financing groups as well as going the Dogme 95 route of using natural lighting and set pieces without much additional dressing. Fine and dandy, but the results here when they don’t look like a YouTube video with many blocky looking nighttime scenes like Ackerlund’s aforementioned misfire don’t have anything substantive to say about the experimental techniques being used other than ‘aren’t they cool?’.also arrives on the heels of the equally troubling yet comparatively infinitely better coming of age teen shock-horror fest, a film I don’t necessarily recommend either but will take over the prospect ofa second time.

Every now and again a unique cinematic diamond-in-the-rough appears out of nowhere that can’t help but draw out my insect-like cinephile antennae searching for something truly unique. From the outset, Der Nachtmahr appeared to be this experimental and surrealist cinema junkie’s cup of tea. Upon actually sitting through it, I watched so much promise for offbeat provocation, technical innovation and sensory assault get all but completely squandered. It isn’t so much that it nakedly rips off all of the right people, which it does seemingly with relish in scene after scene. My problem with Der Nachtmahr is that once all the pieces taken from various sources are all in place, the film ultimately does absolutely nothing new with them.<|endoftext|>newsheadlines ROYAL BLOOD SPORTS

A few months before the Queen's German husband, Prince Philip, launched the World Wildlife Fund in 1961, he went on a tiger hunt with the Queen. A tiger was lured into range by tethered goats and shot dead by Philip who calls himself a conservationist and environmentalist.

On the same tour, this time in Kathmandu, Philip was in a shooting party with Alec Douglas Hume (Lord Home), the Conservative Prime Minister, Bilderberg Group chairman and bloodline of the Scottish Brotherhood families.

The World Wide Fund For Nature (WWF) was not created to save endangered species. Ian MacPhail, the WWF’s first international appeals director, told a British television crew how a mother elephant and her calf came into range. Philip shot the mother while her calf ran off in terror. MacPhail said he helped to cover up the incident because the WWF was about to be launched and he believed the Fund would benefit wildlife conservation.

It has always mystified the public to see the contradiction between Philip, the founder and driving force behind the WWF, and Philip the killer of animals and birds for the sheer enjoyment of it.

The Queen's husband, Prince Philip, and former Nazi SS officer Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands co‑founded the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) in 1961. The WWF has raised huge sums of money from multinational corporations like BP‚ Shell‚ Rio Tinto‚ and Unilever to lock up great tracts of land, first in Africa, and then all over the world‚ so that the land could not be used by locals for economic development of their nations to raise their standard of living.

GREEN GENOCIDE Philip's "mean green" movement is selling "bad science" on climate-change which is designed to create food shortages, farming shut-downs and population dependency. It is part of the New World Order one-world-government agenda strategy. The WWF is a vehicle for controlling wildlife parks in Africa and elsewhere in which terrorist groups and mercenaries can gather, train, and cross borders to bring genocide to places like Rwanda and Burundi.

The WWF coordinates and funds the systematic slaughter of people and animals and has made a fortune from the illegal trade in ivory it was supposed to be trying to stop. To impose global ‘solutions’, the elite need global ‘problems’... and the environment is perfect for that. It allows them to pass international laws and create centralized, global organizations to police them. It allows them to move native peoples from their ancient lands to create wildlife parks and ‘conservation’ areas all over the world, particularly in Africa and the Americas, which then come under the centralized control of the elites. It gives them footholds in strategic areas where they can launch ‘freedom fighters’ to start civil wars.

FOOD AS A WEAPON Humanity’s future is at stake. Green policies have been used by the British oligarchy to de-industrialise nations and to smash their agricultural production. This will result in a world food shortage and starvation. The WWF is one of the largest contributors to depopulation efforts worldwide. Ten to twelve companies run the world’s food supply which are grouped around Britain’s Royal House of Windsor. Led by the six leading grain companies—Cargill, Continental, Louis Dreyfus, Bunge and Born, André, and Archer Daniels Midland/Töpfer—the Windsor-led food and raw materials cartel has complete domination over world cereals and grains supplies, from wheat to corn and oats, from barley to sorghum and rye. But it also controls meat, dairy, edible oils and fats, fruits and vegetables, sugar, and all forms of spices. HOARDING FOOD The elites view themselves as inheritors of the Earth. Eugenics is their answer to freeing-up Planet Earth's dwindling resources that are being consumed by "racially inferior stocks" within the human gene pool. The oligarchy is "hoarding" its food and raw materials holdings...and they are prepared to shut down food production and export supplies, not only to poor nations, but to advanced sector nations as well. Today, food warfare is firmly under the control of London, with the help of subordinate partners. The Windsor-led oligarchy has built up a single, integrated raw materials cartel, with three divisions—energy, raw materials and minerals, and increasingly scarce food supplies.

The queens German husband, Prince Philip Mountbatten, alias Philip Battenberg has been quoted as saying: "In the event that I am reincarnated, I would like to return as a deadly virus to solve the overpopulation problem". The late Jacques Cousteau, a famed advocate for the oceans and the environment, was quoted in a November 1991 UNESCO Courier saying, "In order to stabilize world populations, we must eliminate 350,000 people per day. It is a horrible thing to say, but it's just as bad not to say it."

THE NAZI CONNECTION World Wildlife Fund co-founders, Philip and Bernhard, are from the same bloodline. Philip and his royal family are steeped in Nazi connections. Bernhard was a member of Himmler’s murderous SS. He was born a German in 1912, the cousin-in-law of Princess Victoria of Hohenzollern, the sister of Kaiser Wilhelm. He was recruited into Nazi Intelligence at the University of Berlin in 1934 and worked for the SS operation within I. G. Farben, the chemical giant which had such close connections with the Rockefeller/ Farish Standard Oil and British companies like ICI.

Bernhard’s background caused a scandal in the Netherlands when he married Queen Juliana of the infamous House of Orange, to become the Netherlands equivalent of his bosom buddy, Prince Philip. Bernhard helped to found the Bilderberg Group which officially met for the first time in 1954, and in 1961 he co-founded, with Philip, the World Wildlife Fund (now the World Wide Fund For Nature), funded in part by the Mellons.

ROYAL BLOOD SPORTS Like father, like son, like grandson. According to a FOX News report, Prince William drove a metal tipped 7 foot long spear through an antelope while on holiday in Kenya and killed it for the fun of it. The prince had been taking hunting lessons from a Masai tribal member.

The Mail newspaper reported that Prince William recently purchased 250 different kinds of birds... pheasants, ducks and partridges for the blood sport of shooting them out of the sky like clay pidgeons at Queen Elizabeth's Sandringham Estate. The story is reopening debate about the Royal Family and their participation in blood sports.

Prince William reportedly participates in the Highgrove fox hunts that set a pack of hounds after a fox to corner it and tear it to shreds. This is a cruel and barbaric hunt that has been condemned by The League Against Cruel Sports. Clearly, the royals don't give a rat's ass about animal welfare or the environment or about preserving the "racially inferior" human gene pool of commoners. YOUR DONATIONS The WWF coordinates and funds the systematic slaughter of people and animals and has made a fortune from the illegal trade in ivory it was supposed to stop. Much of this is being paid for by donations from the public who falsely believe they are supporting wildlife.

The best contribution you can make to the protection of wildlife and the environment is to stop funding the WWF.

If you like this site, please help out. Visit our STORE and forward our link to friends. http://www.helpfreetheearth.com<|endoftext|>The Daily Stormer website, which promotes neo-Nazi material, was dropped by the GoDaddy and Google servers. (Photo11: Daily Stormer screenshot)

Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital rights group, broke with major tech companies late Thursday, saying that blocking white supremacist, Neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer from staying online sets a dangerous precedent for free speech.

"Protecting free speech is not something we do because we agree with all of the speech that gets protected," a post on its website reads. "We do it because we believe that no one—not the government and not private commercial enterprises—should decide who gets to speak and who doesn’t."

One by one, tech companies providing online services to The Daily Stormer dropped the site this week after a white nationalist protest in Charlottesville, Va. last weekend turned deadly. Both GoDaddy and Google revoked the site's domain registration. Zoho, Sendgrid and Discord, each providing email or chat services to the site, were next.

Cloudflare, a security firm that had continued to do business with the site, cut ties mid-week. The last straw: Daily Stormer's owners called Cloudflare "one of us," Cloudflare CEO Matthew Prince said, while nodding to his ambivalence about ditching the service earlier. "The real risk is in choosing winners and losers, and which of their content survives," he told USA TODAY.

The Electronic Frontier Foundation echoed that concern, saying that neither the government nor private commercial enterprises "should decide who gets to speak and who doesn’t."

While the EFF acknowledges that private companies are well within their rights to remove anyone from their platforms, the non-profit emphasized that what GoDaddy, Google and Cloudflare did was "dangerous" with far-reaching consequences.

"We would be making a mistake if we assumed that these sorts of censorship decisions would never turn against causes we love," the post reads.

"We must also recognize that on the Internet, any tactic used now to silence neo-Nazis will soon be used against others, including people whose opinions we agree with," it said. "Those on the left face calls to characterize the Black Lives Matter movement as a hate group."

The EFF defense of The Daily Stormer's right to remain online reflects a similar debate within the American Civil Liberties Union about the tension between hate speech and free speech. The ACLU's California chapters broke with the rest of the national organization Wednesday by denouncing white national violence and declaring in a statement that "white supremacist violence is not free speech.”

Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2xbO6s0<|endoftext|>Two separate teams of researchers have found evidence for a theorized type of massless particle known as a “Weyl fermion.” The discovery was made by scientists at Princeton University in New Jersey and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and could herald a whole new age of better electronics.

Weyl fermions were first hypothesized by German mathematician and physicist Hermann Weyl in 1929. They were proposed as being among the building blocks of subatomic particles, and were also said to be unique in that they would have no mass and also behave as both matter and antimatter – which has the same mass but opposite charge and other properties to regular matter – inside a crystal.

Initially, they were wrongly identified as neutrinos, until it was found in 1998 that neutrinos have a very small amount of mass. Now the researchers say they have solved the 85-year-old mystery for good. The research by both teams was published in the journal Science.

They found the fermions independently by firing photons at crystals of a semi-metal called tantalum arsenide, which has properties between an insulator and a conductor. They cannot exist by themselves as standalone particles, but instead exist as quasiparticles – a "disturbance" in a medium that behaves like a particle. “In other words, they are electronic activity that behaves as if they were particles in free space,” IEEE explains.

But they are important, because Weyl fermions are very stable, and they will also only interact with other Weyl fermions, staying on the same course and at the same speed until they do. This means that, for example, they can carry a charge for long distances without getting scattered and creating heat, like electrons, according to Live Science.

“The physics of the Weyl fermion are so strange, there could be many things that arise from this particle that we're just not capable of imagining now,” said co-author Zahid Hasan, a Princeton professor of physics who led the research team, in a statement.

Hasan, pictured, and his team using a scanning tunneling spectromicroscope to find the Weyl fermion. Danielle Alio/Princeton University.

Particles are essentially divided into two groups. Fermions are said to be those that make up matter, while bosons are the force particles that hold them together. All other fermions are known to have mass, making the Weyl fermion unique among its “peers.”

And its unique properties could make it incredibly useful for electronics in the future, including the development of quantum computing, Hasan told IFLScience. For one thing, they can move independently of one another, and they can also create massless electrons. The consequence is they could flow more easily and lose less heat, making electrons more efficient. "It's like they have their own GPS and steer themselves without scattering," Hasan added in the statement.

More research will be needed in the future to determine just how useful Weyl fermions could turn out to be.<|endoftext|>More than 100 protesters broke through the gates of Hong Kong's government headquarters as a student demonstration against Beijing's refusal to grant the city unfettered democracy turned angry.

Six people were arrested for offences ranging from forcibly entering government property and public disorder to assaulting an officer, police said in a statement in the early hours of Saturday.

Student groups have been spearheading a civil disobedience campaign along with democracy activists all week in protest at Beijing's announcement last month that it would choose who can stand for Hong Kong's top post of chief executive in elections in 2017.

Around 150 people pushed into the grounds of the complex late Friday, police said, some scaling a high fence, as others outside yelled "open the gates".

"We don't care if we get hurt, we don't care if we get arrested, what we care about is getting real democracy," protester Wong Kai-keung said from the front line of the charge.

Police repeatedly used pepper spray against protesters, who used umbrellas, surgical masks and goggles to protect themselves.

Around 50 demonstrators were still in the complex by early Saturday, surrounded by riot police, who had forcibly removed most of the others.

Around 1,000 protesters had joined the demonstration outside the Southern Chinese city's main government complex through the night.

Numbers had earlier hit more than 2,000 as secondary school pupils, some wearing uniforms, joined university students.

In a statement police said they had arrested six people aged 16 to 29. News footage showed officers taking away a prominent student leader, Joshua Wong.

In a statement, the government "expressed regret" that protesters had stormed the complex, saying security personnel, police officers and protesters had suffered injuries but without giving details.

Teenage pupils had descended Friday on the government headquarters to add their voices to a class boycott kicked off by university students on Monday.

On Thursday night, more than 2,000 people took their protest to the residence of Hong Kong leader Leung Chun-ying with the hope of speaking to him. Leung has so far refused to speak to the students or meet their leaders.

- 'Real not fake elections' -

School pupils as young as 13 joined Friday's protest, shouting: "I want real elections not fake ones".

Chung Chun-wai, 17, said many of his friends joined the protest in defiance of their parents, highlighting the often sharp generational divide in the former British colony over its political future.

"I think secondary school students are a part of society and I consider myself a citizen of Hong Kong. That's why I think I need to bear the responsibility to care about society and to voice the real opinions of Hong Kongers," he said.

Meanwhile around 300 people, mostly elderly retirees originally from mainland China, staged a counter-protest close to the site to support Beijing's decision.

Occupy Central, a prominent grassroots pro-democracy group, has vowed to take over the city's Central financial district to push its demand that Hong Kongers be allowed to nominate who can stand for leader.

Occupy co-founder Benny Tai has previously hinted the takeover could begin on October 1, a national holiday when much of the district will be empty.

He told reporters at the city's Foreign Correspondents' Club on Friday: "After next week's action we may not be able to change the standing committee's decision immediately, but if we could have that very strong determination shown, I personally have the confidence that one day democracy will come to Hong Kong."

Last month China said Hong Kongers would be allowed to vote for their leader for the first time in 2017, but that only two or three candidates approved by a pro-Beijing committee could stand.

Britain handed Hong Kong back to China in 1997 under a "one country, two systems" agreement that allows it civil liberties not seen on the mainland, including free speech and the right to protest.<|endoftext|>Americans are finally getting a look at the much-anticipated, heretofore-secret Senate Republican health care bill. As expected, the bill released Thursday amounts to a massive rollback of the federal commitment to promote health care access and would instead pay for hundreds of billions of dollars in tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy.

The Congressional Budget Office isn’t expected to weigh in on the Senate bill, dubbed the Better Care Reconciliation Act, until next week. That means there’s no official accounting of what the legislation would do to the health care system, how many people stand to lose their coverage and how much the federal government would spend on health care programs. And the 142-page bill consists of complex legislative language that will require days for other analysts to fully digest.

But the plain truth already is clear: This legislation would result in millions of people losing their health benefits and would shrink the safety net over time. Wealthy people and health care companies would see their taxes go down. And although some consumers may pay less for insurance, an untold number of people wouldn’t have access to the coverage and medical services they have under the existing health care law.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) hasn’t locked down the 50 votes he needs to pass this bill. But GOP lawmakers have been promising Obamacare repeal for more than seven years, President Donald Trump is eager to fulfill his campaign promise to undo the law (if not his vow to replace it with ”something terrific”) and the House has already advanced its own bill.

McConnell wants the Senate to vote on this bill next week, capping off a remarkably secretive and rapid process that has outraged Senate Democrats.

Although Trump, McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and other GOP leaders always refer to their plans as a mission to repeal and “replace” the Affordable Care Act, the legislation unveiled Thursday is actually a fundamental, drastic overhaul of the Medicaid program that serves children, people living near or below the poverty level, pregnant women, people with disabilities and elderly nursing home residents.

The bill would also eradicate central components of the Affordable Care Act, such as its expansion to Medicaid to cover more poor, working-age adults, its requirement that most people either obtain health coverage or face a tax penalty and its rule that large employers must offer health benefits to workers.

What The Bill Means For Medicaid

Like the House, the Senate seeks to go far beyond unraveling President Barack Obama’s landmark 2010 health care reform initiative by making draconian cuts to Medicaid.

The CBO determined that the House-passed American Health Care Act would mean 23 million fewer Americans having health coverage over the coming decade, while a small but very wealthy group of Americans would get a substantial tax cut.

Broadly speaking, the Senate bill looks a lot like that House bill. It calls for rolling back the Medicaid expansion and fundamentally changing the program going forward ― specifically, by ending the federal government’s open-ended commitment to funding the program at whatever levels it takes to cover everybody who becomes eligible. Instead, states would receive a lump sum per year or a lump sum per enrollee.

Projections have shown that the federal government would spend far less on Medicaid spending over time. This would almost certainly force states ― which jointly fund and operate Medicaid ― to make deep cuts to the program by taking actions like eliminating coverage and benefits and reducing already-low fees to doctors and other medical providers.

Republicans have said their reforms would protect the most vulnerable people in Medicaid, such as the elderly and disabled, because the formula for the new spending caps assume greater spending on these people. But experts who have analyzed the proposals have said states would still have a relatively free hand on how to spend that money once they get it from Washington. Because the elderly and disabled account for half of program spending, coverage for them would be ripe targets for cuts.

The CBO projected 14 million fewer people would receive Medicaid over the next 10 years under the House bill, and the Senate’s deeper cuts to the program could mean an even higher number losing this coverage.

Alissa Scheller/HuffPost

What The Bill Means For Private Insurance

The Senate bill would also rejigger the Affordable Care Act’s reforms of the private insurance market for people who buy coverage on their own.

People would still be eligible for financial assistance, in order to help offset the costs of premiums. But fewer middle-income people would get assistance. The assistance that people get would also be smaller, which means people would have to pay more to get the same kind of coverage they have now — or put up with policies that leave them exposed to higher out-of-pocket costs.

This is because the Senate bill redefines the “benchmark” plan that the federal government would use as its basis for calculating financial assistance. Instead of a plan that covers 70 percent of the average person’s medical expenses, the Senate bill would reduce that level to 58 percent of the average person’s medical expenses. Larry Levitt, an analyst with the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, likened that change to a 15 percent, across-the-board reduction in subsidies for people buying coverage on their own.

The Senate bill makes a few other changes to the funding formula. As a result, some younger people would end up paying less for their coverage than they do today. But older consumers would just as surely pay more. In addition, low-income consumers would also face substantially higher copayments and deductibles, because the Senate bill would eliminate special subsidies that presently reduce out-of-pocket costs for people with incomes below 250 percent of the poverty line, or about $30,000 per year for an individual

Health insurance companies would be permitted to sell skimpier policies that cover a smaller share of patients’ medical bills, which likely would mean even higher deductibles and other costs than the plans available under the Affordable Care Act. They would also have more leeway to vary premiums by age. Under current law, insurers can only charge older consumers three times as much.

The Senate bill, like the House bill, would effectively eliminate the controversial individual mandate, under which people who decline to get health insurance pay a tax penalty. In addition, states would have the ability to waive some regulations on insurance, including requirements that all plans cover an “essential” set of benefits.

The bill retains the Affordable Care Act’s rule that insurers can’t reject applicants because of pre-existing conditions or charge them more than healthier people, but that promise could prove empty under the Senate bill.

Because states could revoke the current set of guaranteed benefits ― which includes things like hospitalizations, prescription drugs and maternity care ― insurers would be able to design policies that would leave out important treatments. For example, insurers couldn’t refuse to cover a patient with HIV/AIDS, diabetes or a history of cancer, but they could offer plans that don’t cover the treatments for those things.

At the same time, the Senate bill would eventually eliminate most of the Affordable Care Act’s taxes that fall on health care companies ― including health insurers, pharmaceutical companies and medical device makers ― and wealthy individuals.<|endoftext|>The Secret Service has apologized for removing attendees of an event in Lafayette Square, many of them children suffering from cancer.

About 700 people were in attendance at the CureFest for Childhood Cancer on Saturday, according to the Washington Post, when the Secret Service evacuated them from the area for two hours in order to clear the way to drive President Obama away from the White House. The move disrupted plans for a candlelight vigil meant to raise research funding.

The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now

While the Secret Service said the action was part of standard protocol when the president is being driven through the area, Secret Service director Joseph Clancy reportedly called one of the event’s organizers to apologize on Monday, saying the group “did not handle the situation well.” He additionally offered to visit one of their meetings to apologize in person, and to bring some of the children to tour training facilities in Maryland.

[Washington Post]

Contact us at editors@time.com.<|endoftext|>JUL 16 2015 BY JAY COLE

Remember that class action suit that was filed almost 3 years ago against Nissan for battery capacity loss on 2011 and 2012 LEAFs?

Or the apparent settlement that was reach 2 years ago, but was then protested by 2011 Nissan LEAF owner and Chief Judge of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, Alex Kozinski, which caused the whole thing to grind to a halt as judge after judge then recused themselves because of Mr. Kozinski’s presence?

Apparently, just a scant 33 months after the whole ordeal started, (appointed) U.S. Circuit Judge A. Wallace Tashima has approved the revised settlement deal, now valued at $24 million dollars … and we can all stop talking about it.

For those who don’t recall, Mr. Kozinski rejected the settlement (then with a claimed value of $38 million), calling it a “sweetheart deal” for class council – as they were to benefit to the tune of $1.9 million, while Nissan would not need to replace/repair anywhere near the number of batteries to justify the $38 million figure given, and that the new expanded warranty on the current LEAF was basically the same as the settlement itself.

—

This past Spring, after a lengthy process, class counsel met with the former judge in mediation and agreed to this new proposal (PDF here), after which Mr. Kozinski withdrew his objection.

The amended settlement increases the consideration Nissan provides to class members, while class council still gets to keep its original “sweetheart” fees (but not any new fees requested/accumulated over the 1.5 years of debate since the judge’s objection).

What are these new considerations you say?

* – Nissan no longer has the option to “repair” a battery with less than 9 bars of capacity, only replace it with a “newly developed battery currently used in 2015 model year LEAF vehicles which is intended to make the battery more durable in extremely hot climates”

* – Nissan will provide ninety (90) days of free access to participating DC fast charging stations via an EZ-Charge card that will provide access to chargers with NRG eVgo, Blink Network from Car Charging Group, and AeroVironment under substantially similar terms and conditions to the cards offered to purchasers of the 2015 Nissan LEAF. (available to Settlement Class Members residing in states where “No Charge to Charge)

* – out of the NCTC area? or possibly not a big fan of the program – you can opt for a $50 check instead.

Those who opted out of the class action earlier, were sent letters to “re-opt” back into the revised program.

For those interested in more details, or if you just want to read hundreds of pages of PDF discoveries, check out the microsite set up for the settlement – NissanLeafSettlement.com<|endoftext|>Ten Books Worth Re-Reading

Chad Grills Blocked Unblock Follow Following Sep 25, 2015

“Each time you re-read you see or learn something new.”― Ernest Hemingway

If books are the ultimate nootropic, then re-reading is the best way to take them.

In that spirit, here are some of my favorite books worth re-reading:

1

INCERTO by Nassim Taleb

No matter how you designate it (as a large book or series) this group of books includes: Antifragile, The Black Swan, Fooled by Randomness, and The Bed of Procrustes. Even though Fat Tony is now horizontal, you can relive his conversations with Nero in this must re-read series.

2

Outwitting the Devil by Napoleon Hill

Throughout our history, the most exciting ideas are usually closely guarded by artists, venture capitalists, entrepreneurs, and the family foundations of many great writers. In the case of Outwitting the Devil, the manuscript was kept unpublished by the Hill Foundation for 73 years! In 2011 they finally published it. When a writers foundation or family is scared to publish something, it’s usually a signal of value.

3

Travels by Michael Crichton

When he was 46, Michael Crichton published (in my opinion) his most underrated book. Travels is an autobiographical journey through some of Crichton’s many adventures. Travels provides a first hand account of the real-life experiences that directly translated into plot for Crichton’s fiction. Travels illuminates the unnerving reality that as a species, we’re only on the shores of the seas that make up human consciousness. Travels is a call to action to begin our own trip into that vast sea.

4

Blake Master’s CS 183 Class Notes / Zero to One by Peter Thiel

“When a risk taker writes a book, read it. In the case of Peter Thiel, read it twice. Or, to be safe, three times. This is a classic.” –Nassim Taleb

In the last year, Zero to One has been everywhere. Without a doubt, it’s worth re-reading. But what fascinates me most about books worth re-reading is how they were prepared. In the case of Zero to One, it’s based on the class notes that Blake Masters took from Peter Thiel’s CS 183 class at Stanford. The notes are a deeper, uncensored dive into the hidden realities of technology creation and our world. Which brings us to one of the books that inspired both Thiel’s CS 183 class and Zero to One.

5

Things Hidden Since the Foundation of the World by Rene Girard

Be forewarned, Girard’s theories are a bit like the red pill in the Matrix… Once you consider them, you’ll be forced to view the world in a new light. Girard’s theories are an incredibly valuable reminder to help avoid competition, argument, and small time scapegoating. It’s worth re-reading every book written by Girard.

6

The Godmakers by Frank Herbert

The masterpiece of Dune tends to overshadow this short novel by Herbert. It’s a fascinating sci-fi philosophical exploration that investigates how to achieve a more peaceful world.

7

Intellectuals and Society by Thomas Sowell

Sowell is a heavy hitter. This book inspires serious questions about Higher Education. Plus, it studies the ways in which “anointed” intellectuals harm the public.

8

Letters From a Stoic by Seneca

Despite how many people recommend Seneca, I haven’t met many who have read, or re-read him. These letters to Lucilius have stood the test of time.

9

Reflections on the Art of Living by Joseph Campbell and Diane K. Osbon

I’m writing an article now about three of the most underrated minds of the 20th century. To me, Campbell stands out as one of them. Campbell re-discovered the invisible operating system that guides all human achievement. He dubbed this the hero’s (or heroine’s) journey. Campbell studied mythologies of the world, and in all cultures found similar patterns and steps in their progressions. These steps on the heroine’s journey call her from slumber to adventure, test her, force her to shed her ego, slay her demons, and eventually lead her to the ultimate boon: wisdom, secrets, or gnosis. But instead of retiring in this bliss, the heroine returns to the world and translates that wisdom into value for all of mankind.

In our modern world, as scientific and technological power grow, it’s more important than ever for heroes to earn self-knowledge, tame their egos, and slay their dragons. If we’re going to wield the tools of creation, we must gain the self-mastery necessary to do good works with them. Like Girard, it’s worth re-reading/re-listening to every book and interview by Joseph Campbell.

10

Story by Robert McKee

To dive deeper into the invisible operating system that Campbell championed, Story by Robert McKee is a must.

The best way I’ve found to harness the power of books (the perfect technology) is through re-reading. Hope you enjoyed some of my favorite re-reads!

If you like this article, please tap ♡ to help others find it!<|endoftext|>The Alpine A110 at its lightest and most driver focused, Pure is closest in spirit to the Rallye Monte Carlo-winning A110 of the Seventies. Destined to live its life on mountain roads, country lanes and racetracks, Pure - still comfortable and refined in everyday use - comes equipped with lightweight Sabelt bucket seats, while matte carbon fibre interior trim hints at the car’s sporting intent.

Limited to 1,955 examples, a nod to the year Alpine was originally founded, Première Edition marked the relaunch of Alpine and was fully reserved within a few days of going on sale. With weight saving measures such as one-piece Sabelt sports seats and forged wheels, Première Edition also came equipped with an active sports exhaust to ensure a thrilling and rewarding driving experience.

Weighing just 14.1kgs each, the one-piece Sabelt bucket seats offer excellent support on the racetrack while also contributing to the overall lightness of the A110. Six-way adjustable Confort seats, as light as ever, available as standard or optional, depending on the model.

With a full range of driver aids that includes stability and traction control, anti-lock brakes and emergency brake assist the A110 is as safe and secure in all conditions as it is fun to drive. With features like hill-start assist and mySPIN mobile connectivity , it’s also effortless to use everyday.

A floating centre console and exposed seat brackets reflect the A110’s lightweight construction and sense of purpose, while climate control air conditioning and smart phone connectivity ensure the A110 is as effortless to use as it is thrilling to drive.

As well as its lightweight construction the A110 owes its agility and handling precision to the double wishbone suspension layout. This architecture improves ride quality, stability and bump absorption on uneven surfaces. The powerful and durable brakes, meanwhile, are supplied by Brembo.

Mounted directly behind the passenger compartment and powering the rear wheels, the turbocharged four-cylinder engine is the beating heart of the A110. Tuned by Alpine’s powertrain engineers to offer sharp throttle response and impressive power throughout the rev range, the 1.8-litre direct injection engine delivers strong performance and the emotive sports car soundtrack. WLTP protocol : more information

Supplied by renowned wheel manufacturer Otto Fuchs, the A110’s 18-inch wheels, which are available as an option, are forged for strength and lightness. As well as reducing the overall weight of the car the wheels also minimise unsprung weight, which ensures the A110 handles with the precision and agility of a true Alpine.

Designed and engineered with an attentive eye for detail, the A110 weighs as little as 1080kg. Aluminium is used for the suspension components as well as the body, while Sabelt sports seats, weighing just 14.1kg each, help to keep weight down even further. As a result, the A110 is agile and engaging at all speeds.

The A110 owes its remarkable agility and rewarding handling to its strong, yet very lightweight aluminium structure. A clean-sheet design, the body is bonded and riveted both to add strength and to reduce weight even further. Aluminium offers the best possible combination of strength, weight and build quality.

Constructed from aluminium for lightness and bonded and riveted for strength, the compact body forms the basis of the A110’s poise and agility. Sculpted flanks and a spine over the bonnet help to make the A110 a true Alpine.

When viewed in profile the graceful line that flows from the very front of the A110, over the wide rear wheel arches and through to the low, uncluttered rear - a signature Alpine design feature –it underscores the A110’s elegance.

By combining styling cues from the iconic A110 Berlinette with modern design features, such as ‘X’-shaped LED taillights with dynamic turn indicators, the new A110 forms a link between Alpine’s heritage and its future. Led by Frenchman Antony Villain, the design team captured the spirit of Alpine while also creating a new design language that will stand the test of time.

Inspired by Alpine’s rich heritage, the A110 places driving pleasure front and centre. The mid-engined, two-seater sports car takes Alpine’s core principles - agility, compact size and lightweight build - and deploys them with modern day expertise. In its element both on the racetrack and a winding mountain road, the A110 is still refined and effortless to use every day.

*Provisional data pending approval.

Alpine reserves the right to modify its models without notice, including their characteristics, specifications, equipment and accessories. Depending on the country of sale, the versions may differ, some equipment may not be available (standard, optional or accessory). It is therefore necessary to check with your Alpine Centre before purchasing any product that the characteristics, specifications, equipment or accessories of the vehicle on order are as advertised.

Information about Alpine A110 numeric dashboard :

The Alpine A110 numeric dashboard uses Open Source Software. The licenses & credits for those software packages can be found in credits.pdf and licenses.pdf documents. Using open source software is not free of obligations. Most licenses require displaying of credits and license information. Accessibility of software source code is another obligation which can be found often in open source licenses. For this we will provide a data carrier with the source code. Some OEMs deal with the obligations by printing the credits and licenses in the user manual along with an offer to provide the source code upon request. However we cannot advise you on legal issues with your customer. So please check this with your own legal department in detail.

WLTP protocol : more information<|endoftext|>UF safety Keanu Neal and left tackle Martez Ivey remained sidelined by injuries as the Gators begin to prepare Saturday night’s visit from East Carolina.

Coach Jim McElwain said Monday each player is “ways ahead” of a week ago. Both watched from the sideline of the Swamp as the Gators opened the season with a 61-13 win against New Mexico State.

“Both of them are doing well, but won’t put them in until they’re cleared 100 percent and ready to roll,” McElwain said. “We’re hopeful they can get in and help us this week as we move forward.”

Neal, who started eight games in 2014, suffered an unspecified leg injury on Aug. 21 and has not practiced since. Ivey was in line to start at left tackle as a first-year player, but he injured his left knee Aug. 26 and had arthroscopic surgery two days later.

McElwain said the Gators did not incur any serious injuries during the opener, suffering only the “normal bangs and bruises.”

Meanwhile, McElwain confirmed sophomore safety Duke Dawson was suspended for Saturday’s first half because he was late for a meeting.

Dawson was listed as the back-up to Neal, who did not play.

"Well here's the interesting thing … it was his choice,” McElwain said. “I mean, right? That's the case in everything that you do. Nothing against him, he's a good player.”

Dawson did not record a tackle during the second half. He had 14 tackles and an interception in 2014.

Email Edgar Thompson at egthompson@orlandosentinel.com. Read the Swamp Things blog at www.orlandosentinel.com/swampthings. Follow our UF coverage on Twitter @osgators.<|endoftext|>+1 4K Shares

James O’Keefe and Project Veritas have released another undercover investigation video as part of the “Rigging the Election” series on Monday, and this time it links Hillary Clinton to the Donald Duck appearances that surrounded Donald Trump on his campaign trail. Part III highlights the collusion between Hillary Clinton’s campaign and the non-profit group Americans United For Change, a relationship which is in violation of campaign finance rules. The Director of the AUFC, Robert Creamer, admits to Clinton’s direct involvement with the group.

Through Donald Trumps campaign this year, people dressed as the famous Disney character Donald Duck would waltz around and protest the Republican nominee with signs criticizing him for not releasing his tax returns. The undercover video revealed Robert Creamer, the Founder of Democracy Partners which runs the AUFC, admits that Hillary Clinton was personally involved in the duck stunt.

“In the end, it was the candidate, Hillary Clinton, the future president of the United States, who wanted ducks on the ground,” says Creamer in one of several exchanges. “So, by God, we would get ducks on the ground.”

Creamer then added, “Don’t repeat that to anybody.”

The video series has been described by the group as “multi-part series which exposes the dark secrets at the highest levels of the DNC and Clinton presidential campaign.” Parts one and two in the Rigging the Election series showed Democratic Operatives admitting to rigging elections for over 50 years and inciting violence at Trump rallies. The information divulged on the videos was so controversial that Scott Foval, former National Field Director of Americans United for Change, was fired from his position following the release of the tapes. Robert Creamer also stepped down from having any Clinton campaign responsibilities.

ADVERTISEMENT

You can watch the newly released Part III of the Rigging the Election series below:

[revad2]<|endoftext|>The Noguchi Museum has just announced that the inaugural Isamu Noguchi Award to recognize like-minded spirits who share Noguchi’s commitment to innovation, global consciousness, and Japanese /American exchange. The first recipients of the award are internationally renowned architect Lord Norman Foster and Hiroshi Sugimoto, considered one of Japan’s most important contemporary artists. Motohide Yoshikawa, Ambassador of Japan to the United Nations, will present the award during a special ceremony at the Museum’s annual Spring Benefit on Tuesday, May 13, 2014.

During a lifetime of artistic experimentation that included everything from sculptures and gardens to lighting designs and architecture, Noguchi set a new standard for the reintegration of the arts. He championed artistic collaborations, developing projects with artists of varied disciplines such as Martha Graham, John Cage, George Balanchine, and the Japanese stone carver Masatoshi Izumi to name a few. Noguchi Museum Director Jenny Dixon stated, “The Isamu Noguchi Award serves to establish a dialogue with Noguchi’s profound legacy of innovation. We are honored to celebrate Lord Norman Foster and Hiroshi Sugimoto, whose exemplary work we believe demonstrates principles similar to those that inspired Noguchi.”

Foster and Sugimoto’s artistic ideals and standards make them the perfect fit for the Isamu Noguchi Award. Foster is known for his remarkable architectural projects around the world, many of which honor and respect Noguchi. One example is Foster’s Hearst Building, which incorporates Noguchi and Buckminster Fuller’s tensegrity systems. Sugimoto’s multifaceted career also reflects the true mission of the award. As seen in the subject matter of his photographs, Sugimoto represents globalism, a concern that speaks directly to Noguchi’s own commitment to Japanese/American exchange.

Lord Norman Foster is Recognised as one of the world’s great architects, Lord Norman Foster is known for his complementary yet ultra-modern reinventions of classic buildings and for his simple, streamlined new structures. His architectural signature is a design that opens a building up to the public, is mindful of the environment, and saves money by using modern materials and advanced technology. Born in 1935 in Manchester, England, Foster studied architecture at Manchester University’s School of Architecture and at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. In 1963 he co-founded Team 4 and in 1967 he established Foster Associates, now known as Foster + Partners. Founded in London, it is now a worldwide practice, with project offices in more than twenty countries. Over the past four decades the company has been responsible for a wide range of work, from urban masterplans, public infrastructure, airports, civic and cultural buildings, offices and workplaces to private houses and product design. The practice has received 650 awards and citations for excellence and has won more than 100 international and national competitions. Norman Foster has received numerous awards as well including the Royal Gold Medal for Architecture, the Gold Medal for the French Academy of Architecture, the American Institute of Architects Gold Medal. Foster was granted a Knighthood in the Queen’s Birthday Honors List, 1990, and appointed by the Queen to the Order of Merit in 1997. In 1999 he was honored with a life peerage in the Queen’s Birthday Honors List, taking the title Lord Foster of Thames Bank.

Hiroshi Sugimoto was born in Japan in 1948, Hiroshi Sugimoto has been a photographer since the 1970s. Sugimoto’s oeuvre deals with history and temporal existence by investigating through a variety of subject matter issues surrounding time, empiricism, and metaphysics. Seascapes, Theaters, Dioramas, Portraits, Architecture, Colors of Shadow, Conceptual Forms and Lightning Fields are among his many series. Sugimoto has received a number of grants and fellowships, including from the Guggenheim Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts. His work is held in the collections of the Tate Gallery, the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, and the Metropolitan Museum of New York, among many others. Portraits, initially created for the Deutsche Guggenheim Berlin, traveled to the Guggenheim New York in March 2001. Sugimoto received the Hasselblad Foundation International Award in Photography in 2001. In 2006, a mid career retrospective was organized by the Hirshhorn Museum in Washington, D.C. and the Mori Art Museum in Tokyo. A monograph entitled Hiroshi Sugimoto was produced in conjunction with the exhibition. He has also had one-person exhibitions at the Japan Society, New York; Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York; Museum of Modern Art, New York; MOCA Los Angeles; Contemporary Arts Museum, Houston; MCA Chicago; and Hara Museum of Contemporary Art, Tokyo, among others. He received the Photo España prize, also in 2006, and in 2009 was the recipient of the Paemium Imperiale, Painting Award from the Japan Arts Association.

Photos L to R Hiroshi Sugimoto, Isamu Noguchi, Lord Norman Foster

Related Posts<|endoftext|>Artwork copyright © Wilson Williams, Jr.

With the growth in popularity of the e-book many authors are seeing a glimmer of hope and realizing that they can get their work out there without having to break into the velvet roped publishing house exclusive party. This means that you will begin to get even more solicitations from those authors looking for artists to bring visuals to their words.If you have a website or have done any degree of online advertising of your artwork, you have probably gotten an e-mail with a similar message as the title. If not, you will at some point. It's best to be prepared now. For those who have gotten it, nine times out of ten you aren’t sure how to respond to it, what should you ask, how do you respond?I was tired of retyping essentially the same letter over and over again. I finally saved a template of the letter I use in this situation and I’d like to share it with you. This letter is set up to not only gauge the potential project but to also get a measure of the knowledge of the person I would be working with. For a person who has no knowledge of what it takes to produce a book, this letter is quite intimidating. That's the point. You only want serious prospects when it comes to these types of projects, otherwise the jobs end up being more of a burden than a benefit.Please take the letter and alter it to fit your needs. Within it you should find all the integral questions you should be asking anyone approaching you with a job of this nature. The more you know the better a position you’ll be in to decide whether or not the project is worth your consideration.

You can download the file in Word and as a PDF on the original blogpost here If it is then you may have to not only be the Illustrator but the teacher as well. In most instances very few have taken the proper steps to educate themselves about the process and kind of work that goes into making a children’s book.Many pick up a children’s book, read it and say to themselves that they could do this and seek out an Illustrator skipping all the information gathering that they need to do. It's also very likely that they won’t know how to answer the majority of the rest of the questions.If the answer is no, then you can ask for titles and do some online research to see what their other products look like and how successful they have been.You need to read the book before you decide to draw it. For one, you may not like it. I've gotten some pretty out there inappropriate stories from authors.You also need to see how complicated the images may be to determine how much you should be charging.This is integral to coming up with a price since it will let you know about how many illustrations you may be doing.If the writer tells you the book is for 4-7 year olds and then sends you a 5000 word script, you know there is a problem. The age range should give you an idea of how simple, complex and bright your images should be considering the age range. The younger the audience the simpler and brighter the images should probably be.I rarely get the answer to this question. But it never hurts to ask. If they do answer truthfully you may save yourself the trouble of reading the script if what they are budgeting is too low. I recently got a letter asking for 35 illustrations for $5 each. In the trash.This is necessary to determine if their scheduling is realistic and will fit within your schedule.Do they have a publisher already?If so, is it a vanity press or a smaller publisher or a larger one. Be sure to research them online to see who you may be dealing with. Larger publishers don’t generally have the writer select an illustrator.If not, are they just trying to put something together to shop their story to a publisher? This is a no no as well. Publishers don’t want book submissions from authors and illustrators who are not the same person. They want the ability to select the artist for particular stories themselves. If submitting a script all they need is to prepare it to the submission guidelines of that particular publisher and submit it. Illustrations aren't necessary.Where do they intend to sell the books; Bookstores, Online, Amazon, Barnes and Nobles? Again this is to help you gauge their research and planning. What steps are they considering to make sure the book will be a success.The rights sold by most publishers are usually limited to what they specifically need to reproduce the book alone, first time publishing rights. This may include e-book rights but not always. For example, if the publisher decided to create plush toys, a video game or a cartoon based on your creations they would need to renegotiate your contract and your financial compensation since they are creating something beyond the specific published book you created.The artist generally retains the copyright of the artwork they create in these situations. Don’t be surprised if the person soliciting you asks to buy all rights, which means they own the artwork copyright and everything and can essentially do whatever they like with or without your permission. If you sell those rights at the very least make sure that you are financially compensated for it.Illustrators don’t typically do the layout, type or book design. If you are expected to do it then you should charge more.If you are new to this you will learn quickly that there is a lot to learn about what we do. You need to keep up on all the business side of things that may seem cumbersome to learn but are essential to your survival as a professional. We'll do our best to provide knowledge and tools based on our experiences here at OnceUponASketch . Take advantage and let us know if you see anything that can be added or improved. Wilson W, Jr.<|endoftext|>It's no secret that the Phoenix Suns will look far and wide for their new coach this summer, but what remains a secret is exactly who the Suns will be targeting.

One of the candidates will be current interim coach Earl Watson, but you'd think if they really wanted Earl they would just hand him the job right?

Earlier this week, a reporter hinted that Villanova coach Jay Wright was at the top of the Suns list of hopeful new coaches.

Fresh off NCAA title, Villanova’s Jay Wright has emerged as the top choice of the Phoenix Suns to become their head coach, per NBA sources. — Mitch Lawrence (@Mitch_Lawrence) April 7, 2016

Everyone wants the next Brad Stevens, but really most coaches who graduate from college to the NBA don't find more success at the next level. It's usually the opposite. Still, trying to hire the guy who just carried a small school with limited resources to the title is a great PR move.

While the Suns might love the idea of bringing in the NCAA Champion coach, this rumor has already been tamped down on several fronts.

Speaking of public relations moves, long time Suns insider Marc Stein of ESPN floated a few names this week that were so predictable my wife could have come up with them if I'd given her five minutes to think about it.

NBA coaching sources told ESPN.com that Golden State Warriors assistant coach Luke Walton, former Suns coach Mike D'Antoni (who currently serves as associate head coach of the Philadelphia 76ers) and former Suns star Dan Majerle (head coach at fledgling Division I program Grand Canyon in the Western Athletic Conference) are among the names likely to feature a broad list of targets. --- ESPN.com reported in late January that Suns owner Robert Sarver has strong interest in former two-time MVP Steve Nash for the coaching vacancy, but sources continue to say Nash is not interested in going into full-time coaching at this time.

Duh.

Who would the diehard fans want as the coach of their beloved Suns?

the former U of A star who led the league-leading Warriors to a league-leading record while another former U of A star was recovering from a back injury

the former Suns coach who last led the Suns to the Western Conference Finals

the former Suns assistant and Suns star player on their last NBA Finals team who still loves the franchise, still does local interviews on the regular, and now coaches a local D2 team

the former two-time league MVP who last led the Suns to three Western Conference Finals and just got his name in the Suns Ring of Honor the moment the ink dried on his retirement papers

And that's just the start. The season hasn't even ended yet!

The REAL coaching search hasn't begun, so for now we are stuck with rumors of guys with ties to the franchise in an attempt to drive up clicks (ESPN) and drive up fan interest (Suns) after such an awful, awful season.<|endoftext|>NearMap site was updated earlier today to show a more current aerial view of Orlando (images are from February 5).

Thanks to this update, we are able to get an up-close look at some of the areas that are currently under construction around Central Florida's theme parks. In this update we'll check out all of the areas around the Walt Disney World Resort that are under construction. Let's take a look around and see what's new. As we already reported previously, thesite was updated earlier today to show a more current aerial view of Orlando (images are from February 5).Thanks to this update, we are able to get an up-close look at some of the areas that are currently under construction around Central Florida's theme parks. In this update we'll check out all of the areas around the Walt Disney World Resort that are under construction. Let's take a look around and see what's new.

NOTE: Clicking on any of the following photos will direct you to the actual map of the location.

MAGIC KINGDOM Clicking on any of the following photos will direct you to the actual map of the location.

Nothing new is currently happening at the Magic Kingdom Park (there's nothing to see from the air):

EPCOT

Soarin' theaters appears to be almost ready:

Construction also continues in the future Frozen-themed character greeting location in Norway:

At Epcot, the third theater that will soon join the other twotheaters appears to be almost ready:Construction also continues in the future-themed character greeting location in Norway:

The new solar panels installed near the park form on of the biggest hidden Mickeys in the world: The new solar panels installed near the park form on of the biggest hidden Mickeys in the world:

HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS

At Hollywood Studios, we can clearly see that Catastrophe Canyon is starting to be demolished:

Work has also begun on the brand-new fireworks launch pad, located right behind the park:

Work has also begun on the brand-new fireworks launch pad, located right behind the park:

ANIMAL KINGDOM

Work on Discovery Island continues at Animal Kingdom:

The new Rivers of Light amphitheater is looking good:

Of course, Pandora - The World of AVATAR is the highlight:

It looks like there's a new building by the flight simulator:

This building is rumored to be a new quick-service restaurant:

DISNEY SPRINGS

The Town Center neighborhood of Disney Springs already looks absolutely great:

ESPN WIDE WORLD OF SPORT COMPLEX

The expansion of the ESPN Wide World of Sport Complex has officially begun:

RESORTS

Work related to the new Disney Vacation Club area continues at Disney's Wilderness Lodge:

Work on Discovery Island continues at Animal Kingdom:The newamphitheater is looking good:Of course, Pandora - The World of AVATAR is the highlight:It looks like there's a new building by the flight simulator:This building is rumored to be a new quick-service restaurant:The Town Center neighborhood of Disney Springs already looks absolutely great:The expansion of the ESPN Wide World of Sport Complex has officially begun:Work related to the new Disney Vacation Club area continues at Disney's Wilderness Lodge:

Nearmap for providing these excellent aerial images of Orlando's theme parks. Thank you for your support, and see you again soon. And that is all for now. Before concluding, we would like to thank againfor providing these excellent aerial images of Orlando's theme parks. Thank you for your support, and see you again soon.

PHOTOS: © 2016 Nearmap. All Rights Reserved.<|endoftext|>Featured in BoxMac 95: Baked Pumpkin Macaroni & Cheese

RECIPE

1 lb Medium Shell Pasta

1 Small Minced Shallot

2 Tablespoons Flour

3 tbsp Kerry gold butter

12 oz Heavy Cream

8oz Sharp Cheddar Cheese

4oz Colby Jack Cheese

8oz Mascarpone Cheese

10oz Pumpkin Puree

1/2 teaspoon garlic powder

1/2 teaspoon paprika

1/2 teaspoon nutmeg

1/2 tablespoon mustard powder

3/4 cup grated parmesean cheese

Salt

Pepper

1. Boil Pasta. 8 cups water 1.5 tablespoons salt. Set aside when done

2. Prehead oven to 350F. Apply cooking spray to baking dish.

3. Melt 3 tbsp butter. Cook and stir in shallots until lightly browned, about 5 mins.

4. Add 2 tbsp flour. Let cook until flour just barely begins to brown.

5. Slowly wisk in heavy cream. Simmer until it begins to thicken

6. Add 6oz of sharp cheddar cheese, 4oz colby and 8oz marscapoine to sauce and cook on low heat until melted and smooth.

6. Add Pumkpin Puree, garlic powder, paprika, nutmeg, mustard and mix until smooth. Add salt and pepper to taste.

7. Add cooked shells, mix, and move to baking dish.

8. Cover top of mac with remaining sharp cheddar and sprinkle 3/4 cup grated parm over the top.

9. Bake for 15 mins at 350F.

10. Broil on high for 4 mins to make the top golden brown if desired.<|endoftext|>A comparison, of sorts, between Eric Gillis, one of the top Canadian marathoners and Jerome Drayton, the man from the ’70s, who still holds the national record for the fastest marathon.

Gillis: Strawberry and banana PowerBar gels and Ironman Perform Sports drink

Drayton: Flat coke, vitamin C and salt.

Drayton: “I did my own massage: a hot bath, a glass of shandy, half beer, half ginger ale and put some music on … I even bought my own ultrasound machine.”

Gillis: Weekly physiotherapy and massage appointments once or twice a month

Training shoes

Drayton: Brooks running shoes. “$50 max.”

Gillis: New Balance minimalist shoes with orthotics

Major sponsors

Drayton: None. He worked full-time at the Ontario Ministry of Culture and Recreation

Gillis: New Balance, CEP, PowerBar, “and my wife”

Naps

Drayton: 20 minutes in the morning and evening

Gillis: an hour in the afternoon during hard training

-

RELATED:

Gillis chases 39-year Canadian marathon mark<|endoftext|>Hillary Clinton's abrupt exit from a 9/11 memorial service Sunday morning has ignited calls for the Democratic presidential nominee to be more transparent about her health.

In an illness episode her campaign blamed on "overheating," Clinton was escorted to a van before the ceremony was over, appearing to stumble on a curb as she boarded the vehicle. She spent some time at her daughter Chelsea's Manhattan apartment before departing for her home in Chappaqua.

Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill said in a statement that Clinton "felt overheated and so departed to go to her daughter's apartment," but "is feeling much better."

But the incident prompted more calls in the press and among politicians for Clinton to respond to concerns about that episode, as well as an extended coughing fit during a speech on Labor Day.

"I'm a nurse, and I don't want to speculate what went on with Hillary Clinton," Rep. Diane Black, R-Tenn., said on CNN, later adding that "it's probably legitimate to ask what is her health and I think she has to be honest with the American people if she wants to serve the country."

The Washington Post's Chris Cillizza, who had previously chided those who made much of Clinton's coughing fit last week, wrote that Sunday's medical episode made her health a "real issue" in the presidential campaign rather than just a conspiracy theory.

Clinton has fainted in the past, most prominently in 2012, when she suffered a concussion after taking a fall. She also had a blood clot in the brain, which was successfully treated with anticoagulants. Clinton suffers from the relatively common chronic condition hypothyroidism.

Last month, Clinton's doctor reiterated that she's in good health and fit to be president. But that hasn't quieted her opponents, including Republican president nominee Donald Trump, who have been stoking rumors that she isn't disclosing a more serious health problem.

The Trump campaign didn't immediately respond to the incident.<|endoftext|>Reports of increasing tensions between the Argentina star and the Barca coach have raised questions over whether Messi will be at Camp Nou next season.

Messi appeared to fuel the fire when he admitted "I don't know where I'll be next year" at Monday's FIFA Ballon d'Or awards.

But Luis Enrique rubbished the idea of Messi plying his trade elsewhere any time soon.

"We all think Leo is going to be at Barca for many years," he said. "That is what we all want as Barca fans. We are not thinking about him not being in the team next season.

"The thought of having a team without Messi is not even something we contemplate.

"We shy away from controversy, comments and rumours. We seek the best atmosphere in the dressing room."

Luis Enrique was also questioned on the improved performances of close-season signing Luis Suarez in recent weeks.

After finding the net just once in his first eight appearances, the Uruguay international has scored in four of his last six - including the second in Sunday's 3-1 win over La Liga champions Atletico Madrid.

And Luis Enrique believes the former Liverpool forward will only continue to get better.

"Physically he is in great shape," the 44-year-old added. "In footballing terms he is continuing to develop.

"As games go by we will see that development and I am sure he will offer great things to the team."

Barcelona travel to Elche for Thursday's Copa del Rey second-leg last-16 clash, a tie the Catalan side lead 5-0 from last week's first encounter.<|endoftext|>This week's episode was explosive, and our breakdown reflected that when Rand had an explosive laugh attack while discussing the Getaway Challenge. (Long story, but we had to cut a full minute of her attempts to

This week's episode was explosive, and our breakdown reflected that when Rand had an explosive laugh attack while discussing the Getaway Challenge. (Long story, but we had to cut a full minute of her attempts to talk through debilitating fits of giggling.) While Derrick may have set the record for most heavily featured cast member on a single episode in Are You The One? History, we still have a lot going on here: The Strategy (which was credited to Derrick, but masterminded by Kari), the end of Kathryn and Michael's three-day whirlwind romance, and the cuteness of Cas and Joey is, much like her messy buns, ruffled by Hannah. Our daters got NINE BEAMS even though Shannon goes against the strategy grain, and we bring you the return of an old segment called Dramatic Readings.

Tweet us: @PerfectMatchPod

Email us: PerfectMatchPod@gmail.com

and as always subscribe and leave a 5 star review :)<|endoftext|>Arsenal old boy Garde renews Spurs rivalry as coach of Lyon in Europa league tie

Lyon boss Remi Garde admits he still harbours the same desire to beat Tottenham as he did during his playing days with rivals Arsenal.

The Ligue 1 side travel to White Hart Lane on Thursday in the first leg of their last 32 Europa League tie. It is their manager’s first competitive visit to the capital since he retired.

Garde joined Arsenal from Strasbourg on the same day as Patrick Vieira arrived from AC Milan in 1996, but both players’ careers then took very different paths.

Wenger boy: Current Lyon coach Remi Garde was part of Arsenal's double winning side of 1997-98

Vieira went on to become a Gunners icon, winning three Barclays Premier League titles, but Garde left three years later having made just 27 starts.

Although he only had limited playing time at Arsenal, Garde remembers his years at Highbury fondly and he admits the fact that this game is against the Gunners’ biggest rivals adds an extra edge to the occasion.

' I can’t deny that when I wore the red shirt of Arsenal the matches against Spurs were important moments for me,' said Garde, whose team arrive in London on the back of two 3-1 defeats.

' It was important to beat Spurs and I suppose in truth those feelings are still there in my head now, even though that page in my career has turned now.'

Reflecting on the challenge at hand, Garde revealed he had been told about the talents of Gareth Bale by former Lyon youth director Georges Prost almost seven years ago, who held the same post at Southampton from 2002-2007 when the winger was at the south coast club.

Back then Bale was just a gangly left-back, but Prost was still convinced the wide man was set for stardom.

' Georges Prost worked with Gareth as a youngster at Southampton,' Garde said.

' He told me a few years ago about him, but he was about 16 at the time and he had already made his debut for Southampton. He was a young man but he was already expensive then, too expensive.

' Prost told me how quick he was then, how much skill he was blessed with even at that age, so it’s not a surprise to me to see the top form Gareth has been in. 'He is the sort of player that we do need to keep an eye on tomorrow.'

Warning: Garde has been warned about the talents of Gareth Bale by former Southampton coach Georges Prost

Homecoming: Goalkeeper Hugo Lloris moved from Lyon to Spurs in the summer but will be replaced by Brad Friedel

Bale has scored five goals in his last four matches to take his tally for the season to 19 - comfortably his best return since he made his bow in 2006.

Spurs and Lyon are also linked by goalkeeper Hugo Lloris, who joined Andre Villas-Boas in a £12million move last summer.

Lloris has been in superb form of late, but Villas-Boas revealed today that Brad Friedel will start in goal ahead of the France captain, much to Garde’s disappointment.

' I suppose it’s kind of a regret (that Lloris is not playing).It is for all of us,' Garde said.

' He was very much loved at Lyon. He made a big impression.

' He was a great guy so it would have been nice to have the experience of coming up against him, rather than just seeing him in the corridor.'<|endoftext|>1 Last time, on What is Universe, we gave you the Apocalypse. We established that the Earth COULD be ‘wiped out’ in a number of ways. In each case, there was a body of scientiﬁc fact, coupled with visual and other representations in science ﬁction. Apocalypse in 20 ways In today’s second part, we take much the same approach: science fact + science ﬁction; ‘edu-tainment’. The difference is that where part one focused more on single events, we now select options in which the event is arguably less dangerous than its consequences and ‘fall-out’. IE Man’s apocalypse could be an ongoing state. In fact, it might even have started already, as you read this piece. Enjoy it while you can.

2 Y ou can deny this, of course. We at ‘What is Universe’ r emain sceptical about whether Global Climate Change is an actual ongoing movement or simply a cyclical expression of an innate feature in our geography. Climate changes happen: with extreme dr ops or accelerations in temperature a product of that. Go back as far as Roman civilisation and you might ﬁnd traces of what are undeniably Global climate change extreme climat e changes. Y et the world survived and there were no fossil fuels being burned and blamed! Indeed, it is an entire article in itself. Scepticism is important as being scientists; though we stop short of cynicism or politicising the issue. In any event, we MUST be prepared for the symptoms: polar ice caps melting; T hames barriers raising; the Sun’s rays penetrating our daily lives: not an apocalypse in themselves but the beginning of a chain reaction in global events that could wipe us out. 11

3 Earthquakes are a natural successor to the volcano problem. T hey both have their roots in the ground beneath us: those raw materials that constantly move and change and sometimes, explosively so. Earthquakes have deﬁned our geography to some ext ent; arguably a physical expr ession of the plate tectonics that quite literally shaped our geography. The Earth’s crust is a ticking time bomb of energy. And (once again, much like volcanoes), sometimes that energy must release and burst. In the case of an earthquake, we get a sequence of ‘tremors’, the size of which deﬁnes the resulting impact of the quake or the ‘seismic waves’. Ther e is a scale or ‘magnitude’ for earthquakes. Magnitude 3 Earthquake to end all earthquakes is barely regist ered. But go to Magnitude 7 –9 and you WILL notice. The tragic earthquake in Japan of 2011 was a magnitude of 9+. The impact of that is still felt today. So, it is the scale of the earthquake that dictates the impact. Believe it or not, one of the ‘What is Universe’ team is based in Birmingham, UK. One night, his burglar al arm went off. It was an earthquake. In Birmingham! But it was just a brief shake, a minor momentary tremor. Multiply that inﬁnitely and place the epicentre far enough offshore and you can get a tsunami, triggered by the quake. Once again, a painful reminder of that can be found in 2005’s events. So, IF an earthquake were t o cause multiple tsunamis and potentially, volcanic eruptions, in concert with the main impact of the quake itself on land, then you could be facing a doomsday scenario with the quake as catalyst and central cause. Our Geological sciences ARE improving, both in prediction of patterns and resulting forecasts of impending events. But it’s not a magic wand, either. Earthquakes are P ART of our innate geography. So our best defence is to keep researching the r outes to survival, protection and rapid socio-economic rebuilding programmes in the fall-out. 12

4 At their most powerful and dramatic, the commonly known ‘volcanic eruption’ is simply a product of decompressions of gasses within magma. The magma reaches a certain point and just can’t take it anymore: it explodes! T he magma has been propelled forwards and it is that which we most commonly refer to when we talk of ‘volcanic eruption’. But what if there were a ‘supervolcano’ eruption? It can happen. When magma rises up as far as the crust yet cannot quite break fr ee, you can imagine how much greater the Supervolcano eruption pressure, heat and r esulting explosive force would be. Once erupted, there could be world-devouring consequences. A sea of lava and an air of ash could envelop the planet. A new ice age might follow and mankind as we know it could be wiped out. Is this the stuff of science ﬁction? Certainly, movies L OVE a good volcano eruption. Volcano and Dant e’s Peak (both 1997) are worth a watch if you fancy a safe simulation via popcorn fun and crash course in the volcanologist’s arts. But the threat IS real and Y ellowstone has a supervolcano ready to erupt. It’s just a question of WHEN. Can we survive it? Well, that depends on how well we learn from the individual dress rehearsals we sometimes have with ongoing volcanic incidents. Anyone remember that ash cloud incident of 2010? Exactly. We had to remind you. Panic is not a good thing; but vigilance, awareness and research in learning fr om mistakes VIT AL. One ash cloud P ARAL YSED worldwide travel. Just IMAGINE what a SUPERVOL CANO could do? 13

5 A Dark Nebula is a type of interstellar cloud that is so dense it obscures the light from objects behind it. T he Earth traversed through it would have catastrophic impact on our climate. T his is Traversing through a Dark Nebula not something that science can prevent, directly. Our best option is to study the phenomena, with a hub at NASA. Once again, the recurring theme: the event itself is not the apocalypse so much as its impact on our lives and inability to respond effectively. 14

6 Genomic design and repair could cause unforeseen side effects that ﬁnish our civilisation in a few generations. We know and accept in common parlance that evolution is a part of our existence. It is what br ought us, over millions of years, from the primordial slime at the dawn of time, to the advanced state of intelligence we currently enjoy. But if that power goes unchecked, we might just ﬁnd it was something best left untouched. Genetic enhancements already enable us to understand and plan a curtailing of the otherwise natural aging processes. MGF (Machano-Growth – Factor) Misdirected evolution is already a tool wielded in advanced science. IGF-1 (a muscle building hormone) has achieved incredible results in tissue regeneration in subjects such as the ever-reliable laboratory mice. And genetically modiﬁed (GM) crops and associated foodstuffs could help us address problems including famine and economic inequality. The pr oblem is not the starting point. We should be proud of our advances and potential. No, the nightmares come in the end point, if there is one. At what point do we stop? Can we put a limit on the march of advanced science’s impact on our own social, economic and ultimately physical evolution? We cannot undo discovery and cannot realistically deﬁne the ‘acceptable’ limits of scientiﬁc endeavour, without admitting defeat to those forces determined to limit our scientiﬁc power altogether (hello, creationists!). But neither can we ignore the logical fact that all progress comes at a price and the possibility that today’s tool of creation is tomorr ow’s agent of destruction. Meanwhile, why not to think about evolution and science as the platform to adventure and danger, via pulp plots, brief forays into ethical debate, great special effects and the lovely Jennifer Lawrence. X Men Days of Future Past: available for download, now . 15

7 It could happen. One could argue it’s happening now . That’s right: an outbr eak of a virus or other disease that impacts a sequence of territories, worldwide (hence pan..it pans across frontiers). Is Ebola a pandemic? It could be. It’s certainly touching down in a number of worldwide territories. Granted, the virus begins in Africa and could have been contained in that territory, but for the good will of aid workers and medics that chose to export their services, before returning home. It’s NO T quite the nightmare scenario that it could have Panademic been. Containment strategies have been swift and decisive, even brutal (note the quarantine of the Nurse in New Y ork). But it is a problem, nonetheless. One cannot be ﬂippant about a killer virus (take note all those who think it’s funny to say ‘more people have married Kim Kardashian than have contracted Ebola’). The t est is not so much the virus or indeed ANY virus / disease as our responses. If we don’t respond adequately and are complacent, then the spread WILL continue and COULD have untold impact on population and our general quality of life even if we do NO T contract it! But act in TOO draconian a fashion and we breed that other virus of human hysteria, itself just as deadly as a biological enemy. Once again, we see that the apocalypse is simply catalysed by the outside scientiﬁc force. T he problem is either contained or worsened by our human, social, political and economic reactions. T hat said, a virus is a life form too. Y es, it is clever and mutates ad inﬁnitum. But then, so do we. Where there’s life, ther e IS hope. 16

8 We have hint ed, throughout, that an apocalyptic event is simply the beginning. The r eal test is in how we cope with the fallout. A collapse in society itself, either before or after said event, would make the physical shock and scientiﬁc implications a mere blip next t o the human cost of mass panic and division. We see glimpses and hints of that behaviour every now and again: a ripple in the structures. The UK riots of 2011; the on / off ‘Occupy’ movements and so on: there is a very thin line between a legitimate, peaceful Societal collapse protest movement that gr ows and all out anarchy. T he Arab Spring can rapidly devolve to an ISIS and so on. We fear it but we somehow cannot avoid it, either. And Social media L OVES a good crisis! Science is about avoiding the value judgement and enabling a kind of moral neutrality. T rue, we must address moral implications of scientiﬁc endeavours but science in itself is about breaking down the kind of value judgement social politic that often ex cuses the destruction of social fabric. It is also the tools of science and from science through which the impact of a social breakdown is contained: architectur e; transportation; medicine. Educate more people on those crafts and associated merits and perhaps this is one apocalypse that science might just avoid rather than simply deﬁne or predict. 17

9 Stephen Hawking is worried; Elon Musk is worried. Y ou should be, too. AI means ‘artiﬁcial intelligence’. T he ‘artiﬁcial’ bit is ﬁne; we have that one checked. Artiﬁcial simply means that WE created it. T his could be a robotics system, a computer programme..you Superintelligent AI - Technological Singularity name it, we can and indeed have invented it. But, as with evolution in humans, so there is an evolution in technology. If you begin to allow a computer the ability to ‘think’, then you are beginning to giv e it that ‘intelligence’. It is that ‘intelligence’ that COULD, theoretically, become the agent of the apocalypse. Learning computers that rapidly become superintelligent may take unforeseen actions or simply out-compete humanity. 18<|endoftext|>Twisted Insurrection 0.39 has been released! Changes in this update include an entirely new skirmish and online set-up interface bringing tons of new features, options and game modes to play! There have also been hundreds of balance, coding and graphical changes and additions since our final Public Beta release (5). Read this article for more information and downloads!

Posted by Aro on Feb 28th, 2015

Twisted Insurrection 0.39 has been released! Finally straying away from our previous Public Beta releases, Version 0.39 brings a whole new layer of layer of vast improvements, additions, changes and fixes to the mod and is our most stable build to date.

The Twisted Insurrection download file (Twisted-Insurrection-039.ZIP) contains the complete Twisted Insurrection installation so all you need to do is extract and play. Alternatively, those of you whom have Public Beta 5 installed can simply run the launcher to update your current build to Twisted Insurrection 0.39.

Note: It is highly recommended that you run TI_Launcher.exe as an Administrator!

● Download Twisted Insurrection 0.39 from ModDB.com

● Download Twisted Insurrection 0.39 from Project Perfect Mod

● The complete changelog since Public Beta 5 can be viewed here!

To install and play Twisted Insurrection, simply extract the folder (Twisted Insurrection 0.39) from the downloaded ZIP file and run TI_Launcher.exe to launch the game, update, set up and play Twisted Insurrection. No hassle, no mess, just a simple extract and play!

- What is Twisted Insurrection? -

Twisted Insurrection is a stand alone modification of Tiberian Sun, meaning you don't need to own Tiberian Sun to play. The mod features a completely new in-depth story-line which puts you in an alternate timeline where the Brotherhood of Nod were victorious during the first Tiberian War rather than GDI; After the Brotherhood used the Ion Cannon to destroy an irreplaceable monumental structure, the Global Defense initiative lost all UN support leaving them in total disarray. This is where our story begins.

Along with the complete overhaul and replacing of the original games graphics and having it's own all new soundtrack, Twisted Insurrection brings you all new units, infantry and naval forces to command as either The Brotherhood of Nod or the Global Defense Initiative in both singleplayer and multiplayer missions along with all new structures and base defenses to build as well! The mod also introduces the GloboTech corporation and contains all new campaigns for both GDI and Nod, plus some additional bonus challenge missions and several hidden maps so there is always plenty more to play. TI also features all new game-modes such as Survival, Twisted Dawn and Checkpoint Mode and has over 100 multiplayer maps to play either online or in skirmish mode.

Do you have what it takes to drag the shattered Global Defense Initiative out of ruin? Or will you crush all who oppose the will of Kane and his Inner Circle? The choice is yours commander.

- Version 0.39 New Features -

For a complete list of features, minor and major, please read our changelog here. Probably one of the most important features in Twisted Insurrection 0.39 is the new and improved Client, granting you the ability to customize your Skirmish and Online games with loads of new options and tweaks, pre-set teams, locations and alliances on all maps (even with AI players) and have many new game modes to try such as Twisted Dawn, Survival, Meat Grinder, Unholy Alliance, Timeless Insurrection and Ultimate Insurrection.

Loads of options that were not possible before are now available, which will enhance your skirmish and multiplayer experience greatly, allowing you to play the style of match you are looking for, be it a quick relentless war or a long-winded battle with unlimited funds at your disposal. Some of these new options include Build Off Ally, Start Without Shroud, Tiberium-Resistant Infantry, Disable Tiberium Lifeforms, Berzerk Cyborgs, Unlimited Tiberium and Enable Ion Storms. Some screenshots can be seen just above of all of the new client options!

Version 0.39 brings a massive balance overhaul to the mod too implementing lots of feedback provided by staff testing and the public players. The campaign missions have been modified and improved along with the addition of a few more new missions to play, including the Nod Finale. Some new units and structures have been added into the game too, some of which we won't reveal how to acquire just yet.

A list of Twisted Insurrection's top features (old and new):

Windows 8 / 8.1 Support

All new Skirmish/Online set-up Options

Optional Base Props mode, giving you more eye-candy for your bases

Completely Standalone (No CD/TS Required, TI runs entirely by itself)

A new in-depth story-line following Nod's victory in Tiberian Dawn (C&C95;)

Completely revamped and improved graphics

Additional Skirmish Modes such as Twisted Dawn, Survival and Checkpoint

New campaigns and new missions for GDI and Nod, including special challenge missions.

and new missions for GDI and Nod, including special challenge missions. Over 100 new multi-player maps

new multi-player maps Smooth and f ast Paced online game-play

Official CNCNet and Online Play Support

All New Units and Structures

Enhanced Skirmish and AI

Custom cinematics and a completely Original Soundtrack

Please note that this is not considered a final release, meaning that bugs and errors are a possibility. We are always looking for feedback and thoughts from the fans and the players so if you have any thoughts, ideas or want to report any errors you have come across, please feel free to share them with us! Thank you, and we really hope you enjoy the mod!<|endoftext|>The Grosvenors, a storied Washington family and heirs to Alexander Graham Bell, will conclude 122 consecutive years of stewardship over the National Geographic Society at the end of the year when Gilbert M. Grosvenor retires as chairman of the board of trustees.

Grosvenor, 79, announced his retirement before a standing-room-only crowd -- fittingly -- in the Grosvenor Auditorium at the Society's headquarters, just a few blocks from the White House.

"It's time to go," said Grosvenor, reached at his farm near Warrenton. "I've done my thing. It's time for other people to have their turn. I don't think it's proper for an institution like the Geographic Society, which is tied to adventure, science and exploration, to have a chairman approaching 80 years of age."

He will be succeeded by Society President John M. Fahey, 58, who has held that position for 14 years.

Timothy T. Kelly, 55, president and chief executive officer of the global media group, will become president of the National Geographic Society, with both appointments effective Jan. 1.

Grosvenor will become chairman emeritus and will continue to serve as chairman of the National Geographic Education Foundation. His daughter, Lexi Grosvenor Eller, a physician, will remain on the board. But Gil Grosvenor's relinquishing of the chairmanship means the family will, for the first time, not be running or participating in editorial units like books, magazines and digital media.

The National Geographic Society has been one of the great family legacies of Washington since its founding in 1888. Quietly run by five generations of the Hubbard-Bell-Grosvenor clan families, the Geographic inhabits a stately headquarters building five blocks from the White House.

Gil Grosvenor, who had been chairman for 23 years, reflected the society's long tradition of gentlemanly explorers and scientists. The Grosvenors were community stalwarts but rarely in an ostentatious way, preferring to let the magazine speak for them. Gil Grosvenor poured much of his energy into geographic education.

In 2004, President George W. Bush awarded Grosvenor the Presidential Medal of Freedom for his stewardship of the family's enterprise and for advancing "the Society's mission of protecting land and wildlife, teaching young people about geography and instilling in readers a respect for other cultures and nations of the world."

Grosvenor is a director or trustee of numerous foundations and corporations, including the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund International and Marriott Corp. He also served on the board of the former Chevy Chase Bank.

A native Washingtonian and 1954 graduate of Yale University, Grosvenor spent his entire professional career at the National Geographic Society. He joined as a picture editor in 1954, becoming editor in chief of the magazine in 1970 and in 1980 continuing a family tradition by becoming the society's 14th president.

Grosvenor followed four previous generations of the Bell family, which built the society into a pillar of Washington and American culture.

"It was an idea of Alexander Graham Bell to transform what had been a small technical society of geographers into a popular society whose theme is the world and all that is in it," said Kelly. "When he invented the modern version of the National Geographic at the end of the 19th century, he hit upon an enduring idea. Our job is to continuously breathe new life and relevance into that visionary idea of the Society."

National Geographic is best known for its inimitable yellow-bordered magazine, whose dramatic photographs -- thousands were shot for every one that was published -- brought the world's geography to generations of Americans.

From the 1950s through 1980s, National Geographic magazine -- along with Reader's Digest -- topped U.S. magazine circulation. The magazine's English language edition peaked at 10.8 million in 1989. But the media revolution that started in the 1990s with the expansion of cable television and the onset of the Internet created big challenges for Grosvenor.

In a rare moment of turbulence, the Society ousted the magazine's top editor, Wilbur Garrett, in 1990. Published reports at the time said Garrett pushed for more controversial and hard-hitting coverage of world social problems, which apparently conflicted with the Society's historical vision. Grosvenor was said to be proud of carrying on the magazine's tradition of scrupulous objectivity.

Fahey arrived in 1996. He was a graduate of Manhattan College with a master's degree in business administration from the University of Michigan and brought a background in cable television to the Society. He began his career at Time magazine before moving to HBO, where he helped launch Cinemax.

As the first president of National Geographic Ventures, a wholly owned taxable subsidiary of the Society, he started the National Geographic cable channel, inaugurated the company's tour business, launched a Web channel and a school publishing business, and expanded the magazine into other countries and languages.

"Our economics have reoriented themselves toward cable television as the big driver," said Fahey. "The big challenge in front of us is the future digital world that is so ill-defined in terms of economics. Our ability to achieve the opportunities will be only limited by our imagination."

Fahey serves on the board and the executive committee of the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History and represents the Society on the U.S. National Commission for UNESCO. He is also a member of the boards of directors of Johnson Outdoors Inc. and Exclusive Resorts.

"Digital media represents tremendous opportunities for National Geographic on a worldwide basis and, in many ways, will allow us to get back to our original membership roots," Fahey said.

The new chairman credited the Grosvenor family for guiding the Society for more than a century. And he singled out his predecessor in particular.

"Gil has devoted his entire life to National Geographic," Fahey said. "His great passion is improving the geography literacy of young people in this country. And he has spent the last 20 years aggressively pursuing that goal and making wonderful progress."<|endoftext|>ExWHUEmployee Exclusive Column: The Payet Story Author: ExWHUEmployee . Published: 13 January 2017 at 5:00pm

So the Payet situation is all out of the bag and it means I can speak openly about it now, something I have chosen to not do for the last two months since I knew trouble was brewing. Despite what people think of me, I do hold back on releasing info that I believe will have a negative impact on the team. The decision to tell everyone on our radio show that I knew Payet would be leaving was as a result of knowing that he wouldn’t play against Palace and that Bilic was going to explain why.

Now since the summer our French wizard has been causing problems at the club. He expressed in the summer that he wished to leave the club in January. We made him a number of payments to keep him here including increased wages and loyalty (ironically) payments. Payet has had two pay increases in his time here and allegedly even had the cheek to demand one after the Brexit results saying that the weakness of the Pound against the Euro now he was losing wages. It was almost felt that he was joking at first but it took Cheik Kouyate pulling him aside in the changing room and telling him it affected most of the squad that he finally rejected these ludicrous demands but it had already caused tension between him and a number of players.

Despite being given an extended break from preseason because of his performances in the Euros he regularly missed training after this and many were absent without leave. This once more caused resentment in the team because it was appearing that he could get away without training when others were forced to come in. Just before the Swansea game he had missed a couple of training sessions and reported back the day before the game and declared he would play. Had Payet not performed as well as he did in that match I think more may have been said. Payet has continually sulked in training and not shown a great interest in anything that they have done and this has continued to wind up both the management and his teammates but to an extent, although not to last years’ levels, he was still performing on the pitch so it was papering over it.

His wife and children have apparently never settled in Loughton and according to a number of people they have always said they want to return to France and that family life is “unsettled”. Now of course I cannot confirm this and I cannot say for certain that it is true but it would make sense. As soon as Marseille came looking for him he made it very clear that he wants to go and we told him that he wouldn’t be allowed so he has since said he would not play for the club until they agree the move. The example that he is shown is one that the club do not wish to tolerate and the original plan was to keep him with us until at least the summer and fine him for breaches of the contract. I personally would not do this and would just get rid of him as soon as possible and give us some money to buy new players but I totally respect the club’s stance.

The club and Bilic (which was shown during his Euro celebrations of Payet’s goals) have shown him continued loyalty and respect and he has failed to do the same to us. One of the factors behind signing Ayew was that he was a friend of Payet’s and we thought they would link well together! I think this is a real unfortunate of today’s game that the players hold this power. It could be said that Bilic has got a slight taste of his own medicine when he left us to join Everton because they had “more chance of winning things” however it is completely unfair on us fans who have sung his name in such adulation. Many fans have said to me recently that he will not even stop to sign autographs for young supporters anymore. It is also now embarrassing to have a giant shirt of his hanging up at the ground, which I think should now be replaced, as someone suggested to me, by a Dylan Tombides one.

A meeting was called this Monday where the directors and Slav sat down to discuss the situation with Payet and Bilic was told as the manager he has to deal with it. It was his decisions to announce the situation to the press. I am hoping now that we have this bad egg exposed and not taking part in training and matches it may unite the other players to perform more as a team and get better results. The problem for Slaven is that he needs to do this against Crystal Palace or the Payet situation could become some other manager’s problem.

If you want to talk about the Payet situation or any transfer deals I will happily discuss these at our event tomorrow. The same will be said for Steve Lomas and Mark Ward who will take questions from the floor and be around to mingle with the fans. It really is a great event and is one of the few positives things going on around the club at the moment. https://www.tickettailor.com/checkout/view-event/id/78040/chk/ab5d<|endoftext|>If you haven’t done anything wrong, you’ve got nothing to fear, is the message being pumped out by the federal government to sell its proposed changes to national security laws. The changes will see ‘‘metadata’’ kept by internet and telephone companies for two years, for access by intelligence agencies and police. It's just the writing on the outside of the envelope, Prime Minister Tony Abbott has assured the public. But I wonder how his NSW Liberal colleagues are feeling about ‘‘metadata’’ right now, as they complain about innocent communications being potentially misconstrued by the ICAC. ICAC investigators have been trawling through metadata by the bucketload, and continue to strike gold.

While the commission has the power to seek a telecommunications intercept warrant to secretly listen-in to conversations, or trawl the content of emails, or even seize a computer, its major investigative tool appears to be metadata. Last year only four surveillance devices warrants were issued by judges to ICAC investigators, according to the ombudsman. It is yet to be seen if there was a leap in secret recordings in 2014. An ICAC spokeswoman said: ‘‘The commission is able to obtain metadata without a warrant. It has no further comment to make.’’ The former national security monitor, Bret Walker, SC, believes agencies should require a warrant to access metadata, to allay the public’s privacy concerns. As operations Spicer and Credo progress, it is apparent metadata has led to some messy endings.

Case in point: Metadata revealed Premier Barry O’Farrell made a 28-second call from his mobile phone to a Nicholas Di Girolamo on April 20, 2011, just four weeks after winning office. This is the man who gave him the bottle of Grange. The bottle that O’Farrell couldn’t remember. The ICAC presented O’Farrell with the metadata, and asked him to explain. ‘‘This is the call at 9.30 at night on [April] 20 which could have been the day of the delivery and it's a call from you to DiGirolamo,’’ Counsel assisting, Geoffrey Watson, told O’Farrell. The metadata also showed that O’Farrell was at home when he made the call. ‘‘I don’t know about this phone call duration of 28 seconds, but what I do know is if I had received a bottle of 1959 Penfolds Grange I would have known about it, and I did not,’’ said O’Farrell fatefully.

The next day a card hand-written by O’Farrell, thanking DiGirolamo for the wine, was tendered as evidence. O’Farrell’s political career was over. Yes, Mr Abbott, it was the content of the envelope that sealed his fate. But it was metadata that set him up. In the current phase of the investigation, the ICAC is alleging a scheme of soliciting political donations from banned property developers in exchange for favours, involving former Energy Minister Chris Hartcher and former Police Minister Mike GallacherBillionaire Nathan Tinkler donated large amounts via his companies, including $18,000 on 13 December 2010 that allegedly ended up in Londonderry MP Bart Bassett’s campaign. What does the ICACs metadata show? On December 14, 2010, Darren Williams, an executive of Tinkler’s company Buildev, stood in Martin Place, just a hop away from NSW Parliament, and called Hartcher’s office at 8.45am. Williams spoke for seven minutes.

But Hartcher was in his electorate of Terrigal, and he returned Williams call on his mobile eight minutes later, leaving a 32-second message. Thirty minutes later, Hartcher sent a text to Gallacher and Bassett, within 10 seconds of each other. That evening, at 5.50pm, Hartcher appeared to leave two voice mail messages for Williams, and then texted Gallacher again. Hartcher and Williams exchange texts. Thirty minutes later, Hartcher texted Gallacher and Bassett. Metadata doesn’t reveal what the men were discussing, but they have been called before the ICAC to explain. Harmless?<|endoftext|>When a story or opinion essay is spiked, it is easy to imagine nefarious motivations, as if a cabal of finger-drumming editors sat around a table passing judgments based on their institutional or ideological biases. Reality, I’m afraid, is far more straightforward and prosaic.

We invited Greg Mitchell –- a journalist for whom we have great respect –- to contribute a piece for Outlook on the art of the Iraq war mea culpa. We’d noticed that journalists and policy types had been issuing statements of apology on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of the invasion, and we thought it would be interesting to have someone analyze the phenomenon in greater depth. He agreed to do it and we were grateful that he turned it around in short order, given our tight deadline. However, upon reviewing the draft, we felt that the piece offered too much of a rundown of the apologies, rather than drawing many broader analytical points or insights. So we decided against running it. We expressed this to Mr. Mitchell and offered him a kill fee. He expressed his disagreement.

I greatly prefer to keep such conversations between editors and writers; indeed, I don’t recall ever stating publicly why we decided against running one piece or another. In this case, I weigh in simply to say that the notion that we were somehow seeking to protect The Post or the media at large by not running Mr. Mitchell’s piece is misinformed. We were well aware of his critical perspectives on the media’s role in the Iraq war, given his book and frequent writings on the subject. Indeed, that is precisely why we approached him. Also, the piece had nothing to do with the decision-making on my colleague Paul Farhi’s piece assessing the prewar coverage, which we’d long planned on running. I would have liked to have them both.

I trust that regular readers of Outlook will agree that we have one overriding bias –- one in favor of provocative and compelling perspectives and analysis.<|endoftext|>[ 107,472 views ]

As I Lay Dying

Tim Lambesis

In one of the more unbelievable news items we've relayed since our inception many years ago,singerhas reportedly been arrested for hiring someone to kill his estranged wife.According to the San Diego County Sheriff's Department, Lambesis asked an undercover detective Tuesday to murder his estranged wife. Following an investigation, Lambesis was arrested this afternoon at an unspecified Oceanside, CA business.Authorities were apparently aware that Lambesis had soliticed someone to kill his wife, prompting the investigation.Lambesis has been charged with solicitation of another to commit murder and has been booked into the Vista Detention Facility.: Jan Caldwell, spokeswoman for the San Diego County Sheriff's Department, made the following comments to Artisan News about the matter:"Information came to us late last week — last Thursday, to be specific — that Lambesis was soliciting another individual to kill his estranged wife, who also resides in the area. Our detectives, our fugitive task force and the sheriff's special investigations division immediately initiated an investigation into this allegation. We worked around the clock through the weekend and that culminated this afternoon when Lambesis solicited an undercover detective to kill his wife. The next step will be Lambesis' initial appearance in court, and that is where the charges are read, and if there's a bail to be set. And they will go from there and start setting different court dates. The investigation at our end is still ongoing, and I can't go into detail on that. And, thankfully, no one was hurt. But I believe that the captain who commented earlier said that we averted a tragedy today."Arraignment for Lambesis is scheduled to take place tomorrow, Thursday, May 9th. If convicted, Lambesis could face up to 9 years in a California state prison.: Video report:: As I Lay Dying has now issued a statement on the matter.: Lambesis has pleaded not guilty.<|endoftext|>Edward Glenn "Fireball" Roberts Jr. (January 20, 1929 – July 2, 1964) was an American stock car racer.

Background [ edit ]

Roberts was born in Tavares, Florida, and raised in Apopka, Florida, where he was interested in both auto racing and baseball. He was a pitcher for the Zellwood Mud Hens, an American Legion baseball team, where he earned the nickname, "Fireball" because of his fastball. He enlisted with the United States Army Air Corps in 1945, but was discharged after basic training because of his asthma.

Racing career [ edit ]

"Fireball" Roberts' 1957 NASCAR Ford

He attended the University of Florida and raced on dirt tracks on weekends. In 1947, at the age of eighteen, he raced on the Daytona Beach Road Course at Daytona, for the first time. He won a 150-mile race at Daytona Beach the following year. Roberts also competed in local stock and modified races at Florida tracks such as Seminole Speedway.

"Fireball" Roberts continued to amass victories on the circuit, despite the changes in NASCAR, as it moved away from shorter dirt tracks to superspeedways in the 1950s and 1960s. In his 206 career NASCAR Grand National races, he won 33 times and had 32 poles. He finished in the top-five 45 percent of the time, and in the top-ten 59 percent of the time. He won both the Daytona 500 and Firecracker 250 events in 1962,[1] driving a black and gold 1962 Pontiac built by car builder legend, Smokey Yunick.

Labor union [ edit ]

In 1961, Roberts, temporary president of the Federation of Professional Athletes, was in dispute with NASCAR president, Bill France, over the Teamsters' Union affiliate – the FPA – which he and Curtis Turner had helped organize and which France was trying to disband.[2] Unlike the banned Curtis Turner and Tim Flock, Roberts soon returned to the NASCAR fold.

Death [ edit ]

On May 24, 1964, at the World 600 in Charlotte, Roberts had qualified in the eleventh position and started in the middle of the pack. On lap seven, Ned Jarrett and Junior Johnson collided and spun out and Roberts crashed trying to avoid them. Roberts' Ford slammed backward into the inside retaining wall, flipped over and burst into flames. Witnesses at the track claimed they heard Roberts screaming, "Ned, help me", from inside his burning car after the wreck. Jarrett rushed to save Roberts as his car was engulfed by the flames. Roberts suffered second- and third-degree burns over eighty percent of his body and was airlifted to a hospital in critical condition. Although it was widely believed that Roberts had an allergic reaction to flame-retardant chemicals, he was secretly an asthmatic, and the chemicals made his breathing worse.[3][4]

Roberts was able to survive for several weeks, and it appeared he might pull through, but he took a turn for the worse on June 30, 1964. He contracted pneumonia and sepsis and had slipped into a coma by the next day. Roberts died from his burns on July 2, 1964.

Roberts' death, as well as the deaths of Eddie Sachs and Dave MacDonald at the Indianapolis 500, six days after Roberts' crash, led to an increase in research for fire-retardant uniforms. It also led to the development of the Firestone RaceSafe fuel cell, and all race cars today use a foam-backed fuel cell to prevent fuel spillage of the massive degree that Roberts had. Also, fully fire-retardant coveralls would be phased in leading to the now mandatory Nomex racing suits. Roberts had also lost his close friend, Joe Weatherly, in January 1964 at the Motor Trend 500, at Riverside, California.

There were many sources reporting that Roberts was retiring, since he had taken a prominent public relations position at the Falstaff Brewing Company, and that the race in which he was killed was to be one of the final races of his career.[5]

Legacy [ edit ]

Despite having his career cut short and having never won a Grand National title, Roberts was named one of NASCAR's 50 Greatest Drivers. Other career accolades he won include induction into the International Motorsports Hall of Fame in 1990, and the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 1995. In 2000, the city of Concord, North Carolina, named a street near Charlotte Motor Speedway in his honor. Former driver Ned Jarrett has stated that his decision to retire was prompted by Roberts' death.[citation needed]

After Roberts' death, NASCAR mandated that all drivers wear flame retardant coveralls while on track. They also instituted the five point safety harness, and the special, contoured drivers seat, all still requirements on all NASCAR entrants.

The "Fireball Run", named for Roberts, was started in 2007. This streaming TV "adventurally" series, headquartered at Universal Studios in Florida, covers 40 teams as they compete in an 8-day, 2000 mile race and life-sized trivia game to raise money for missing and exploited children organizations. The Fireball Run is credited with assisting in the recovery of 38 missing children.

In 2013 Roberts was nominated for induction in the NASCAR Hall of Fame in Charlotte, North Carolina, and he was included in the 2014 induction ceremony.[6]